Back home early. It really helped that I imagined myself going back home to talk with V instead of dealing with grandma and the rest of the family. That's what I did. I went down to the garage first and talked about the vacation with V and doing the natural normal thing instead of the stunted language-barriered thing with the rest of the family where I don't say or get the expected conversations. The natural thing after coming back from vacation is not a weird silence but to tell people what I did! Is that so much to ask? It's my problem too because when other relatives go on vacation and come back, the conversation is expected and normal and not weird as fuck like my conversations.

Anyway, I quickly unpacked all my dirty laundry, another motivation for going down to the basement first. I wanted to avoid the usual trip-concluding dead ritual step of partially unpacking upstairs. Can't stand it. I wanted something different and I did it this time. It felt great.

Then, dim sum, which is nice. Saw A and T's dad. I went in to save seats for grandma and first aunt, and of course, before they showed up, the table next to mine opened up and he and his friends sat down next to me. I could feel the compulsion and obligation to interact from acquaintances. We ruined each other's otherwise peaceful meals. Certainly mildly stressed me out. Then grandma and first aunt arrive and she keeps saying the same things to him and I feel embarrassed and hated impinging on him. And the whole thing culminates in him paying for our meal and first aunt and grandma flipping out and trying to pay him back, with first aunt chasing after him out the restaurant and down the street. It's a show.

Got home and indulged on the internet and paying bills and sorting out the pictures from the trip. Then Kate streams for the rest of the day. I hate how it's kept me up until now, 1:49 a.m. I got super tired and wanted to sleep at around 3 or so in the afternoon, which didn't make sense, NZ or any time-wise. The only thing I want is to be able to fall asleep when I go to bed in a second and not wake up at 3 p.m.
