Weather is the worst. Hella bright so it's hot in the open and cold and dry and windy in the shade. Hate it so much. It's almost as bad as spring.

Walked far all the way to Blue Danube. I was originally wanted to get a calendar from Japantown, as is tradition, but couldn't come up with the energy to go all that way. I hate the buses so much.

Got really tired after dinner and took a nap. It's always the worst thing I could do. Naps destroy me. I'm up now and all disoriented and depressed, listening to sad songs. I should really know better by now. Fuck naps.

I really want to ignore crypto for a year, but I'm too weak-willed to maintain my resolve. I know I feel like that now, like so many times before, but I'll change my mind and go right back down the hole, then this disgust will come back and everything repeats forever. There's no point to any of my feelings.

This month has been so weird and bad. I've done nothing at work and basically nothing in life. It's the biggest empty hole in my life. It's passing by so fast too. The hours and days are thin as fuck and pass through my holey memory like wind. I might as well have been in a coma the entire time. What a waste of life.

Why do I feel like I have to spurn everything in my life, reject everything until there's only one thing left, writing, before I can make myself write? It's hella apocalyptic. It's probably because I pin so much on it to save my life. And that's because the rest of my life is so empty.

How can I improve? Write more casually and more often until it becomes less of a sacred thing, and I can lighten up. The depression I'm feeling now is hella fleeting. I know at least that. I won't feel like this later. I'm at the depths of it now though, and it's pretty sucky. I would veer toward thinking about mom, and then dad and family and disease and dredging up all the worries that are permanent fixtures in my background.
