Last day of the year. Lunch with dad and grandma at the corner place. Good. Grandma is continuing to take a toll on dad and first aunt and everyone. Things are only going to get worse, as usual. Dad is going out in a bit, first aunt is taking a break at home, so I'll be putting in eyedrops for her later on. I don't have much context and it's just sprung on me so here goes.

The meaningless things that I look forward to reveal just how meaningless they are when the time comes. I lust after my "accounting" and counting my money after each quarter, and I get to finally indulge in that tomorrow and this right now is as good as it gets. When I finally do it, I'll face it, and it'll be an empty gesture. I'll fill out those table cells and watch the total come up and that'll be that. Five seconds, max. Then I do it all over again with the self delusion for another three months.

I'm going to go out later so I don't have to be home. It'll be another cold lonely new year's eve. I don't want to be home and I don't want to be anywhere else. I have no idea where I'm going to go. This is a low point; I've exhausted my hideouts. Library? Cafe? King of Thai?

To be continued.

Went to Starbucks and it was alright. Didn't do any juggling with the library. Starbucks had everything I needed. A plug and okish wifi. Coffee was a bonus. I got a good seat too. Finished up the chapter outline and started on the scenes outline. So proud and pumped about the progress!

King of Thai after that. Had the worse duck noodle soup though. The duck meat was hella leftover parts. Should have gotten the tom yum with noodles, oh well.

Back, Kate stream until past midnight.

December accounting yo. It was more than I thought. ETH then started tanking immediately after. Of course. I will just not check crypto for a while I think. I will mean it. I hate Reddit.
