Ran into V at Starbucks. That was unexpected. Neither of us mentioned the road trip and acted as if that thing didn't happen. That was expected. I'll see her again tomorrow for dinner and maybe karaoke. It would be just like all the other times; nothing changes, or builds on top of what came before. It's all a non sequitur and there's no expected reaction, no memory. It's as if nothing happened.

I made myself not check crypto today. It's all I wanted to do. And watch Kate stream. And get grandma's insurance thing over with. Those are all I want in this world today.

I cleared a little bit of life administrative clutter. I confirmed and paid $2 for a DMV vehicle record to show that I had indeed transferred liability to the junk yard. That's a plus. I also bought tickets for Star Wars. That's locked in. I parked the van back in front of the house and is the last time I'll have to move it before dad comes back.

In line with the crypto addiction, I can't wait to do December's accounting. If things stay at this level as yesterday, the graph will be pretty crazy. I don't think I'm where I thought I was on the S curve at all. Or if it's even an S curve. Another year like 2017 and I am super super out. Let it be so plz!

I don't know how my not letting myself check crypto is supposed to help things. I am still obsessed. It's an exercise in discipline I guess. It doesn't prove anything though. I don't know. To prove that I can stop whenever I want? The thing I am stopping is super innocuous and harmless, so it's not even a worthy achievement. There's no satisfaction anywhere here.

I'll check the price when I wake up and be happy. At least, stop craving it. That sounds bad put that way.
