At Borderlands. It's 1:51 pm. Valencia is nicer but Mission street is better.

Everything feels so pointless. I had no idea where I was going or what I wanted to do today when I left the house. The only right thing I felt good about was making oatmeal and eating it. Everything else after that was a big meaningless blur of stupid motion in circles. I don't feel good about food today. I just had a bottle of soylent, a coffee that I wanted to be small but got caught up with their sneaky categorization and ended up with essentially a medium, and a chocolate croissant. That's all I ate. I couldn't summon up enough hunger to actually get a proper meal because I was sipping the soylent at the first signs of hunger so I'm perpetually ruining my appetite. So vicious. I walked through the Mission hating everything and everybody there. The type of people I imagined. It's a sickness.

Now I came back and dad said the car wasn't actually charged and what I did didn't keep the batteries charged. Goddamn it, this is exactly the sort of thing I imagine is happening around me and it's actually true. I think I'm safe but I'm totally not. I'm pretty low at this point. I kept breathing in and out like I was under water. This is getting worse. I don't know what's triggering all this. I think mom's death is really hitting me really hard right now. Any little thing could remind me of her, so I've got full blinders on and trying not to engage in anything. All this self-analysis isn't doing me any favors either.

I added more details to the outline. I know a tiny bit more about my Watson character, so that's good. That's something.

I didn't check ETH prices at first to try to increase gratification by delay, but it's just crap and didn't work. It had fallen since the last time I checked and it offers me no joy. I keep going back to it nevertheless, per the addiction.

Grandma's presence is destroying my mental peace.

Star Wars tomorrow.
