I noticed that I have left so many recent social interactions feeling bad. I don't really remember the last one where I felt good. This is especially true when I leave R and G's place. Now C is adding to my misery because he has a girlfriend and because people value these things socially, talk about them and I just have no interest. I can't stand it, actually. And then I'm surrounded by kids. None of that is fun.

I came back to dad yelling at grandma again and left to walk the time off. I ended up at Starbucks. I tried to figure out how to feel better and make my life better. I've got nothing. I'm going to die this way. How do I change? My attempts to improve, the methods and techniques I have for self-improvement, which is an intrinsic toolset of a person, are already a built-in part of the me I want to change. I have to figure out some new way of improvement that I haven't tried already. I'm stuck in myself.

I still super want to donate huge Twitch tips. It's a disease. Twitch hits at my weaknesses and has continuous incentives I thought I put away but they always come back. My resolve is weak.

Last day of break tomorrow. My Thanksgiving and Christmas breaks passed in the same meandering way. They felt the same. Weekends felt the same. Nothing is going to change next year unless I do something, and I'm not going to. I'm tired of getting excited for myself and me not caring enough to act and follow through.

I'm going to watch Worth It videos tomorrow and it'll be great.

Lost 10% of my money this quarter, then looked again and I'm actually positive for the year, which is nice.
