Dinner with S. Boiling Hot Pot on Geary, which was pretty good. The spicy soup base is great. Mushroom base not so much. It was smaller than I expected. The iPad ordering was robotic. I didn't ask her directly if she wanted to watch the Free Solo movie afterward, so I'm so surprised everything segued smoothly. We went to a dessert place to get some tea, which was the perfect amount of time in between the movie start time and when we ended dinner. Still I didn't ask her until I clumsily brought it up 25 minutes before the show time. She made it easier by saying it'll be good after getting some critical feedback for her app recently. That moment felt great. We then walked three blocks to the theater. Everything worked out!

This was in such contrast with my afternoon. I wandered aimlessly all over the place not accomplishing anything. I wanted to go get my blood drawn but it was 2 p.m. at that point and it was not the day to keep fasting for the blood test. I drank so soylent. So that goal got chucked. I was lingering at home waiting for my phone to charge, all the while losing daylight. I headed toward Clement, not sure what I would do there and how that would fit in with meeting S for dinner in the outer Richmond. I wanted a haircut, was the general motivation. I passed by a $10 place along the way and should have totally gone in. There was no one in there and I could have checked this off early and I could go directly to Japantown to look for a planner. But nope, I didn't. I took the 28 to Clement and of course, the salon was filled with people. I didn't want to wait, so I left and headed to Japantown, also for some uncertain and vague goal. I had an idea of getting a grid notebook or some kind of Japanese planner, and I didn't know exactly where to get that. I figured I could find it at Kinokuniya. So I got there and of course I couldn't find something like that in a book store. I needed a stationery store. By supreme luck, there was the exact kind of Japanese stationery store around the corner. I spent a long time there browsing, now trying to pin down what I actually wanted. I wanted, after much deliberation and looking through the selection, a spiralbound, dot grid notebook about half the size of a piece of paper. I couldn't find a spiralbound one, but so settled for a lie-flat binding from Baron Fig. Actually, I don't think I even need a planner, much less something so specific. I'll see! Rode the bus back to Clement, to the Blue Danube. At that point I was driven by hunger too. I should have gotten something to eat from Japantown but didn't, because I was stubbornly set on getting a salad. So I got the usual salad and chai. It was 5 when I was done eating and I was supposed to meet her at 5:30. So again, the timing was shit. I thought it would take me longer to walk ten blocks but I was super early. Along the way, I checked to see if there were any barbershops I could hop in and just get my haircut, on the offchance that I could get serendipity to work out. Didn't happen. No haircut for me.

I have to work on my conversation skills, or just be a better person with more experiences to talk to other people with. I have nothing going on.
