I felt faint on the bus again today. What the fuck is that? It's happened like five or six times now. Do I have some kind of brain tumor?

The first time was on a train too. I think that was the first time. I felt a rushing, creeping sort of nausea that rose up. I would sweat profusely across my forehead and brow. My vision would start fuzzing and I would see stars. I felt sort of like throwing up, but it wasn't anything stomach related. It was centered in the head. I needed to sit or lie down, and I couldn't on the bus. I desperately tried to hold it together to get off on the next stop. Then it kind of faded and it passed. The next time, on the bus again, I made it out on Van Ness and sat down with my head between my knees. Then it passed. The third time, I actually passed out inside AMC. I got food poisoning that time and that was the specific cause. I took a dump and took a Lyft home and was fine in the morning. The fourth time was in April when I got the flu and felt bad to leave work early. I was sitting on the bus and passed out, collapsed to the train floor. I bent my glasses a little that time. They called a medical emergency and I sat there on the train until someone came on and asked me if I needed paramedics. I declined and they helped me off, gave me a bottle of water, and I sat on a bench and was fine. That was due to the flu. This time was like the first two times. I wasn't sick, and just inexplicably felt the all too familiar feeling creep up on me. I had a chance to get off, but didn't, thinking I could make it to Van Ness. I took out my earphones and stopped the podcast. Then it super hit me and I knew I was in trouble. I bent awkwardly and desperately, desperately tried not to faint or throw up or anything until I could get off the train. I made it. By the time I got out, I was definitely seeing stars. I held out my hand to the nearest wall and lowered myself to the ground. Instant relief. The prickling nausea passed. I drank some soylent, then went to work.

My theory is that I didn't have any energy in me this morning. I didn't eat much the day before, and I didn't have breakfast because I want to squeeze every moment of sleep I could before I get up. I'm not sleeping now because I want to squeeze every moment of free alone time I could where I have control over what I do. That chain of events led to me almost fainting today, and it's bound to happen again. I fucking hate that. It's going to the base state, that I'm in danger of passing out every morning. The only thing I can reliably change in this scenario is to drink my soylent in the morning even if I don't want to. Chug it. And if it turns out that my theory is wrong and I still faint after a hearty breakfast, then I would totally know something is fucked up and I have to go to doctor. I need more data. The best outcome is that I'm right and I just need to eat something to prevent this from happening.

Seeing H off was good. I did the absolute minimum. I feel bad for that. She was so gracious and knew what to say and handled the situation so well. From the little I know about her, I really adore her. I'm sad that I can't connect and create a friendship with her. Sucks.
