Watched The Ritual. Meh.

Wandered the morning as usual. It's so desperate. I'm trying to find a perch and nothing's satisfying. I walked down to 42nd for my haircut and it was a different barber. I asked for 1/4 and should have asked for 1/8. I walked back up the street to the cafe, itchy from the haircut. I got the shepherd's pie, which has always been too salty. Again, not satisfying. Their oatmeal is like that too. Almost good, but not really. It has an edge to the taste. I sat next to the window and relentless sun without an outlet nearby because the upstairs was all taken. I did manage to nail down some plot points I liked. There is satisfaction in the trying and the work of writing. What I put down and the story itself is still very much not cohesive enough. I then wandered up the street some more to the library, where I watched some of last night's Kate stream, which didn't have my favorite team members. Left after a few hours of more trying to write toward boba. I didn't get boba and instead got unsatisfying milk at Walgreens. Home. Watched parts and bits on Netflix. Planet Earth II, couldn't finish an episode. Some random Mind of a Chef episode which wasn't that great. David Chang looks slovenly. Netflix is not satisfying either.

New Year's family lunch tomorrow.

I'm so enticed to check crypto prices. I want to reaffirm how much potential money I have. It's still fantasy, but it's nice that I can pin down some reality to it. I just need to cash it out to be real. I think ETH is at best back at 1000. Most likely 900 something. Yeah, not above 1000 yet. The last price I heard several days ago, BTC had broken back above 10,000. If the ratio is still around 0.1, ETH is hovering 1000. I'm super fine with it holding that for March accounting. It's a signficant rise from end of December. I'm definitely going to make myself hold off at least past February. One more month until end of March would be the stretch goal. That will surely give it enough time to fluxuate and end up with an interesting number when I check, past any guessing and forecasting I can do. Hoping for higher than the last ATH, which has a chance given so much time. It could sink, which would at least be interesting. And hopefully with enough volatility, it wouldn't still be around this same number that I'm guessing now. I want that surprise again that I felt last May. 10 to 70--that was world-shattering. I want to recapture, chase that high again when I had no expectations.
