Hot. At cafe, upstairs, sweating. Watching the beginning of last night's stream. Loud live music is really annoying. Worked on the book a bunch. I need to get out of here.

Picked up my Vietnamese beef jerky from the post office after they didn't just leave it yesterday. It would have been great! I guess I would have eaten hot jerky instead of crackers.

Where should I go. I don't want to go home. It's too hot for me to go anywhere. Library!

I need to eat something too.

Walked to the mall even though I didn't want to. Because of how hot it is, and how far it is, and how much time it would take. So glad I did it despite all that shit. It wasn't that hot outside as up on that top floor of the cafe. It didn't take that long to get there. A pretty nice walk.

There's drama involved too! It took me a bunch of back-and-forth to decide between Chipotle and Blaze Pizza, chose Chipotle, and saw a note that the mall location was closed just for that day for "unforseen circumstances." Hmm. I turned briskly around and walked to the plaza, ate at the Chipotle there and was happy. Listened to Hardcore History Addendum, about imperial Germany vs. Nazi Germany, very interesting. Nazis are weak because ideology breeds and sustains incompetence. Makes sense to me.

Really wanted to watch Kate stream when I walked back from the plaza. I felt I was out long enough and the rhythm at 4:30 felt right.

Sneezing and itchy eyes. Allergies are here.

Planning to watch streams and work on the book tonight. Eat jerky.

Need to wake up for R's brunch. Not feeling good about it.

Hate my glasses, which feels all bent and out of shape and tight on my right ear.

I should do my my taxes. I did it around this time last year. It only took about a week for the refund to deposit.

Need to exercise to make myself feel better.

I don't think the jerky is what I wanted. It's going to be the kind I could get at the market. I need to get down to San Jose.

I should cut my nails and my hair. Then wear the new glasses tomorrow because E will be there.
