I'm sad I can't check crypto prices because I know they are down and I don't want to see the damage.

I got super depressed at brunch, as I probably knew I would, like all the times before, when I'm surrounded by people with partners and careers and kids and adult things--all the things I don't want to want but do and I can't figure out if it's actually me wanting those things or if society has infilitrated my psyche so much that I'm bent toward its will and don't even know it fully.

I walked to the marina and hated everything. I sat on a bench with my hood up to block the sun and squinted at the bright scene and water. The Golden Gate looked really good. I sat there and kept hating and then I felt better and resolved to improve myself, again. It doesn't matter that I've resolved before, and with just as much conviction after one of these gatherings, and failed miserably to effect any change. I don't care about that. It only matters that I'm trying again. I'm going to fail just as hard, I know this, but this isn't about results. I am sick of feeling like I can't do anything. Failing is better than doing nothing. Right? Right.

I went back home and jogged to the gym. It felt good. I had some juice. Then lox. And it was alright. I came back home and ate more beefy jerky. Wrote. My stomach doesn't sense the beefy jerky at all, apparently. It's like I ate jerky shaped air or something. It's covered with pepper flakes but I don't feel any heat.

I extremely didn't want to hear anything about the Super Bowl or that it even exists. I don't care. At the same time, I didn't want my indifference to make me not open up Twitter. I did it, and got allusions to what happened. I'm very pleased that the Patroits lost. I feel so good about it. That's all I need from the Super Bowl.

Sleep is now.
