Terrible morning. Not terrible, terrible, but bad. My congestion and allergies and whatever the fuck is the background. Grandma and her instant glomping on me with questions when I get in sight. I felt so annoyed with her, and then guilty for being annoyed, the same old combo I always feel when I interact with her nowadays. I hate everything about it. I made oatmeal and wanted to get out of the house as fast as I could. I needed to wait for first aunt to come back though. I ate the oatmeal in layered states of distress.

I should have brought my regular glasses with me. I just have the sunglasses and the new round ones. It's not good to combine that with my tilted state. I got dizzy switching from the sunglasses to the new prescription and switching back; it was a mess. The new glasses aren't even that super sharp that I remember from all the other times I've gotten new glasses. I don't trust E's skills at all. I'll get another eye exam from someone else and new glasses online.

With the new glasses, I could see how dirty my screen is though.

I'm at the library waiting for my 4 o'clock dentist appointment. More fillings. The shot of anesthesia is the worst.

I don't know what I'll do after that. It's going to be really bad. I'll be triple-ly dizzy. The trauma and residual anesthetic from the filling procedure, the new glasses, and the allergies. I could throw my messed up food schedule on top of that. I have no idea if I'm eating enough or when I'm appropriately hungry or full or what the fuck. I'm so disoriented. I've set myself up really badly. I won't even have the library to go to after the dentist like I did on Tuesday. I don't have anywhere to go to rest and recover. Homeless to the max.

I have no idea what I want to eat either, after ward. I don't want to go to King of Thai again. Fuck.

The only option I have is Starbucks.

And here I am. I'm waiting for my face to not be numb.

Shrimp spaghetti at Squat and Gobble is ok.

I went to bed early. Need healing.
