Feeling OK now because the plumbing went as expected. The plumber fixed the problem and the tenant paid and they can deduct it from the rent check so it all works out. I just left a note with dad that's open-ended because I asked him if the tenants could do this. I asked this out of more out of lack of confidence in my own judgement that yes, of course that would be the best course of action. The tenant should not have to pay for the plumber, but there's a 1% doubt in my mind that somehow what I think is obvious is not. So that's still linger. So other than that, I'm pretty much in the clear with the whole plumbing situation that I have blown out of proportion in my head.

I am listening to an intro to Buddhism, or rather, *secular* Buddhism, podcast. There is suffering in life. Suffering comes from desire. Managing desire will manage suffering. Follow the eight-fold path to do this. I am paraphrasing, as I don't understand the specifics. That's the general idea anyway.

Typing with the mechanical keyboard is fun when I let myself just pound on it with and be loud. It's so hardy and seemingly indestructible and I get more of the appeal.

There was nothing to do at work. More people are leaving. Oh well. Things will happen and I just have to look at it differently. Three types of suffering. The obvious immediate physical kind. Ouch I stubbed my toe. Pain. That's reflex and neurons and biology and unavoidable. Stubbing your toe will always hurt. The second is the angst of change, of loss. I am materially worse off. That's also unavoidable. It's the third kind of suffering that Buddhism tells me I can diminish and deal with. The self-inflicted kind. The mental beat-up of myself that progresses and deepens the more I dwell and expand the area of stress. The proofreader's suffering, of seeing what I think is true and correct and seeing flaws and mismatches everywhere, of craving that things be one way when they are another. That category of suffering is subjective, and thus under my control.

I wrote a bunch last night. It was great. It was actual story. The storytelling part of my mind was whirling and I was solving narrative problems. This is all the backstory and history of my world, but I enjoyed that so much and felt in control because I was building a base and foundation and didn't feel adrift like when I was trying to outline the story in media res. I hope that feeling lasts and not just a fluke. I really like that steady feeling working from first principles.

I am feeding off the energy from the relief. It's palpable. I feel like I can do everything. There's an appetite there that's so invigorating. Awesome. Maybe I don't have depression as much as I have a shitty life? Of course, that's the direct opposite of what Buddhism is telling me lol. A shitty life is irrelevant. It's how I react to shit.
