I feel really out of sorts. It's a combination. Dad is leaving for two months, that's the major piece. Me setting up the PC, as super insignificant as that is, is still a change, and it's not helping. I don't have a centered place to retreat to. I feel *out* everywhere. I worry about the few days around Thanksgiving when me, V, and dad will be out of the country. My NZ trip is nowhere near worth the anguish this is giving me. I might be through with traveling for a while after this. I would enjoy it a lot more if I decided I was nice and ready to go, even if it takes years for that feeling to come back. I will always want to go up to Oregon again and try to reproduce that stormy seaside feeling I've been romanticizing.

I can't feel better when I don't understand why I feel bad. There is no clear set of states, one bad, one good, one before or after. It's just this sloppy shit in front of me all the time.

I will feel better when dad comes back in December. At least I will get rid of this uncertainty. Other crap will be there, but not this one. That's the only way I will feel above water again during this stretch. This is how I live now, what the fuck. My baseline is not under my control. That is the problem. It's merely a stroke of super luck that there is no external disasters overlapping on me, and that I have a window of respite and clear skies. I can't live like this. I don't know how to make it better, to make myself more resilient and more nimble in the dappled undergrowth and be ok in rough terrain, and not so dependent on good fortune.

I have to wake up early tomorrow to catch the stupid bus down to Sunnyvale. I hate going down there, the whole enterprise. It is a beige hell.

I visit crypto subreddits desperately, like clinging on to a lifeline behind a ship, or like tugging on a dry udder. I do that to Kate's streams too. I'm flailing around for purchase.
