I'm not in control. Everything that happens I can and will interpret as bad and I'm having the worst time living.

Why is the tenant toilet thing stressing me out so much and why am I not dealing with it sensibily? The tenants need a plumber. Dad is not here. That's the conflict and problem I have to solve. Dad left me a card for a water heater/electrical person. The obvious thing would be to leave a message for dad confirming if I can call him to fix the tenant's toilet. He will confirm yes. I will call the card and send him over there. I see so many possible complications in this.

First, the WeChat passing voicemails back and forth is frustrating when I just want a phone call. I need to send it to dad. Then wait an indeterminate amount of time. Then when he replies, probably with some clarification needed or question, I will have to reply back again, then wait some more. The conversation is all broken up into pieces spread across time. This is in addition to the crappy communication I have with my family already.

Second, I have no idea what dad will say. The guy could not be a plumber. That will elongate the conversation so more and I have to suffer through the inefficiencies and ineffectual process. It hurts me because I can see how simple it could be if it were not for how crappy my life is set up. So dad will say no I can't call that guy. That leaves the question open, who can I call then? I will need to randomly look for one online.

I will find one that's super expensive, and I will get called out on it. I despise this. This is what happens. To me, I don't give a shit how much this would cost as long as I can stop dealing with it. I have an extremely low threshold for bargaining and have a weird thing with money. So that will happen.

And then that's it. That will take care of it. Whatever happens, that's the worst case scenario in my mind. It doesn't matter what happens with the plumber. The risky part is how I set it up. The results are irrelevant. I'm just worried about how I handle things.

So, tell dad, then deal with the events set in motion.

What else. Solving Yahoo bug. I'll throw up my hands and give up because it doesn't support responsive layouts. I'll have to deal with the results then too.

What else. Something will happen to grandma during the next seven weeks. I'll deal with whatever happens. There's nothing else I can do.

The lights still flicker, and the thing I thought would happen to my PC happened: power just cut out and it went blank and restarted. I will either have to buy a battery buffer thing and add to the noise and subtract from the space in my room, or tell dad again and have him rehire that guy--who I'm trusting with the tenant's toilet--to fix again. It probably won't work again.

Everything is so open-ended. I can't deal with it. I'm going to have to.

Walked a little. Took the 18 to Lands End, or wanted to but overshot the stop and ended up on Balboa and 40th and had to walk a long way back to the ocean because I didn't know where the 18 actually goes after it passes Safeway. But I did do what I set out to. I walked the customary route to 25th Avenue. I had to pass by Hard Knox because there were people waiting and it was the last thing I wanted to do. I realized right then that I could only go in early in the morning during the weekday when it's not busy. I feel repulsed otherwise. I didn't end up eating in the Richmond and took the 29 back down to where I started. The whole thing felt so stupid. I went to the cafe and wanted the chicken pot pie and challenged the universe to defy me. They had it! I then asked for oatmeal, and that was what they didn't have. Why are things like this. They didn't have any fruit or vegetable left. Except for some wilted strawberries, the person there said. I knew I sounded annoyed right then and didn't care. I got some expensive juice and ate the pot pie, which was good.

The best thing that happened today was I decided to start from first principles on the book and put down what happened at the earliest relevant point in the story's history. From there, I can keep adding on and know that I'm building on top of events that are solid. I really hope this works and I'm not going to flake off again. I'm so tired of trying.

Home, dinner with just aunt and grandma. Then played civ until the power cut out. Dismal. Tomorrow will be the same. Nothing will change. I made goals for tomorrow on the bright side of the weekend and I really don't want to follow through because I'm so depressed. It's giving in that really pisses me off. I don't want to do what I know I would do.
