That was the weirdest fucking thing someone has said to me. Complete disconnect. The dry air gives me a lot of boogers and I was trying to get them out discreetly without obviously picking them. Then V says, "Would it help if I got another room?"

What? Complete perplexion. "No, why?"

"Oh, I just thought you were crying."

Oh my fucking god. She thinks I'm upset she's leaving and that I'm so upset that being with her in the same room is making me cry. What the fucking hell is that train of thought? It boggles my mind. One, that is some kind of ego to think that I would care so much that not only would I be sad that she's leaving, and not only that I would fucking cry about it, but that I couldn't control my anguish that I would fucking cry in front of her. I'm going to remember this until the day I die.

One possibility is that she thinks I'm just crying about Friends. Which makes no fucking sense at all either. Does she think that she's being helpful by offering to switch rooms so I can cry without being ashamed over a fucking TV show? This one is even more ludicrous that my first impression.

There is no way around it. There have been so many V non-sequitors and abrupt jumps in thought and conversation.

This is yet another person I've gotten disillusioned with, to add to the heap. This is going to keep happening until I'm all alone. I am so tired of all this. I will never feel good enough around most people to deal with them. All my attempts end up like this. With C, now with V. Maybe it's just a matter of traveling with someone, to spend so much time with them, this breaks through the thin surface relationship I have with people and reveals the awful abyss. Who's next? K? E? V? It's already happened with V to a little extent when she relayed the message from mom that I should talk to dad more and be pro-active about helping him and that I was too quiet at home. She's right, of course, but I can't do any of that. It's too hard for me. That kind of thing shouldn't drive me away, but I can't deal with criticism. I take that shit so deeply personal. I lose days and fuel night-time bad thoughts.

Yeah, today was interesting and eventful in a people-relationship sense.

Woke up kind of ok but with heart pounding as usual, knowing I'm going to be with V again all day long once again and I have another ten days of this. She left the room to do whatever. I did all the good morning stuff and drank my oatmeal, which was kind of fun. I hated how V could come back and walk in any minute. Time passed. I watched mindless daytime talk show. V didn't come back and I started thinking about it, thinking about the possibilities if she just left or gotten kidnapped or crazy stuff. My first reaction was, oh no, her dad and family are going to kill me for killing their daughter. I don't want to assume that responsibility. That shows me exactly the kind of person I am. Just sick to the core. Anyway, she came back like normal and said she checked out already. We packed and left.

Now here's the pivotal moment, or what I thought it was. It might have been the culmination of a series of bad stuff, something that's been lead on to for a while, maybe since the start of the trip. So, I mentioned there is a place we could pick some fruit along the scenic drive. Maybe cherries. Then she, in that classic sense of "no, actually" that I am so sensitive to, said no, there wouldn't be cherries. I jumped on that. I wasn't going to let go.

"Why not?" I asked pointedly. I wanted it to be received as pointed.

"It's too hot."

"Where are they generally grown?" I immediately said. Put up or shut up.

"Washington."

The whole exhange, the literal words, are so innocuous. It was a goddamn war in my head. My comment was just a casual thing. I read the cherries thing in the hotel guide. It was not a fucking invitation to assert what kind of fruits would be grown in this area. What the fuck is that constant need to assert and contest every comment I make as if we were in goddamn court? I just want to not fucking say anything to her at this point.

That was pretty much the longest conversation we had for most of the day. During the drive, she didn't say shit. She didn't get out of the car either. I drove and stopped and took pictures and got the map and went to the bathroom and slapped away bugs and she sat in the car on her phone. I would not ask her what the fuck was wrong with her. I'm not going to make her do anything she's not going to do. I'm not going to try to help or offer my help. Whatever she was going through, if she's that way, I'm just going to leave her to it. Full on ignore mode. What I'm best at. I've given up at this point, pretty much.

I don't think I can travel with V ever again either. Well maybe, but certainly with more people. That might be the trick. I think I could even travel with C again if we were in a group. That's one of the things that I need to work on: I keep on generalizing great edicts from very specific, situational things. It's an attempt to make my lazy mind work less hard in the future. It's always a way to avoid social stuff too, I find. I'm cherry-picking and gathering ammunition to excuse myself from human contact.

I just thought, in all that silence, if anything has really changed. I was all super quiet all the time anyway during the trip, though I kind of make occasional cheery remarks to let people know how I'm feeling. It's the only way I know to make myself seem less of an stand-offish asshole. I'm just a quiet guy, I'm not here secretly hating on you, see? Promise!

I really want to stop typing and go shower and go to bed and take off these jeans, but V is just in bed and probably staring and not going to bed yet. I need to keep writing, out of momentum, and to try to express this day into the explicit. All of this swirling in my mind is too much.

As we slid across the desert, a single road cutting across the scrub, V said she needs to go to a rental car company when we get to Moab. I should have just said ok and not said anything else, in line with how I wasn't caring what she was doing. I was super caught off guard though and asked the obvious why. She said her sister is visiting and she's going to skip Arizona and drive back. Whoa. A great gush of sudden emotions lit up inside me. The first, amusement. The universe is hella funny. Relief, of course. Relief and joy that I would get to truly fully enjoy half of my vacation. Then curiosity what the hell has been going on in her mind this entire time. Does she hate me? Does she want to get away from me as much as I do from her? So many questions! All the mushy brain stuff is trying to conform to the hard spear of sudden reality. What does it mean?!

I spent the rest of the drive full on thinking about this juicy nugget of development. Fascinating. I could take it all at face value and she really is just leaving primarily because her sister is visiting and she's cutting the trip short. It's just such a dissectable coincidence that she tells me this after a whole day of being mute and unresponsive. Lots for good old mental brain to chew on.

Stuff like this is only possible because of human interactions. I would be missing out so much on life if I were alone and didn't interact with people. I'm loving this in a way. It's encouraging and motivating. I'm fucked up in this sense by being abstract and having heaved myself on a distant level to look back on the play of events with academic interest. It makes me want to get messy. I want to get in it and just feel gobsmacked by random ass things people say and resist how I think things are going. I have no fucking idea what other people are thinking of perceiving. It's bizarre.

Like now, why is V still up? She's gone to bed early every night. But not tonight. She's just staring at her phone. Is she waiting for me to sleep or something? I have no idea! Mysteries of the universe. 
