Got up early and caught breakfast at inn restaurant. Good old stand bys, two eggs over easy, sausage patty, hash browns. Zion! Sienna pavement was cool. The color instantly transports you. The back of the road signs are also painted to match the rocks. Went through two tunnels after park entrance. Got rental water boots, socks, and sticks. Unbearably hot trek from parked car to lunch place. Sweated profusely. This was the heart of my 110+ heat experience. Planned to buy the sandwiches to eat later, but ended up just eating them right there. Mostly because I really wanted to just sit down for a while to recover from the half-mile walk on baked pavement. Got a useless smoothie. Waited outside the cafe under the marvelous spritzers for the shuttle into the park. It was blissfully short bus hop to the park. More walking out in the hot open death air to the park shuttle. I drank my whole water bottle on the non-AC bus ride up to the start of the trail. I was terrified of getting heat stroke and chugged water like no business. I didn't trust my body to work properly. I knew when it failed, I would only get a minute of warning before I get that rising, creeping vertigo and nausea. I imagined heat stroke would feel and progress the exact same way. The supposedly super easy wheel chair accessible part of the trail before the Narrows sucked. I drank more water and panted. So so so hot. Then we were there. I stepped into the water. The water was gross, but the experience was pretty neat and different. Powering through the rushy parts was fun. I felt very much in control even though I was stepping on smooth rocks tumbling along the bottom of a lively river. I just imagined all the bumps and unevenness evened out as a whole stretching before me. I knew confidence then like I rarely do. V was having trouble and I wanted to help but didn't know how. My first through was to hold out my hand, but that didn't seem appropriate, so I just waited for her and sometimes pointed out where it was shallower and easier going. I felt insufficient. She called it, and we headed back. I would have totally kept going, probably for hours. It totally felt premature to go back. I doubt we had gone a mile. On hindsight, the timing worked out, because it took us until 9 to get back to the cabin. The dry hike back was still bad. The shuttle was also still bad. My frozen ice water bottle, which had half-melted during the course of the entire day, melted the same amount during the 40-minute bus back. So so so hot. It was the worst part of the day that I had to overcome. My feet were encased in a nasty pouch of water trapped in some water socks inside squishy water boots. Every step was disgust, and on the bus I was again sitting on top of the wheelbase and was essentially crouching the entire time. Got off, transferred to Springdale shuttles, super crowded, got out in the blazing heat again, trudged back to super toasted car in my squishy water-logged feet. I really liked that I suggested that V don't walk back to the car with me and that she could just go back into the rental shop and I'll come back with the car. It was an adult, responsible thing full of consideration and helpful social thought! Got the AC going, things were on the upswing. Got back to the rental shop, got the goddamn awful shoes and socks finally off, sweet immense relief!, tossed the socks, especially the socks!, into the unfortunate bucket of rest of the returned socks. That is not a happy place. Dried off my gross feet with paper towels I brought into the shop after I hosed them off. I felt so awkward and self-conscious doing that on the bench inside the shop. But finally dry feet in my own socks and hiking books, and the worst was over. V indirectly reminded me to wash my hands after this whole return ordeal. We left the rental shop heroes. Drove down to a thai place that was remarkably pleasantly surprisingly good, against all my pessimism. Got boba! Amazing. Spring rolls were fine. Vegetables in entree were good and what my body and mind needed as a fully realized meal. I'm spending buttloads on food. I think this trip will cost me $3000. I really need to figure out where I want to pay that from. Dip into emergency fund? Would hate to. I like round numbers. Ideally I want to sell ether to cover it. Ideally IDEALLY ether would be high enough so I would only need to sell the number I wanted to sell.

During the drive back after dinner, everything was alright. The thai tea kicked in and I was hella alert. Getting on the good side of caffeine! It was late evening. The sun was low and creating crazy lit scenery before our eyes. We drove out and down and the whole world spread out before us. Mountains opened across, skies expanded, trees parted. On top of that, the music from the AUX. V was taking pictures every few seconds when she didn't really before.

"It's not turning out as well on the camera," she would say.

"Yeah," I said. "This is one of those only-live things. Just right now."

"Yeah. It's kinda nice."
