Felt super didn't want to be with V, in hot smudges. My introversion kicked into high gear and I craved to get away from people. I kind of made myself deal with it. It's not the right approach--the right approach is to talk about it and go off to be alone all healthy like--but whatever. It's easier to do that than to talk and communicate. It's a feedback loop too in that the less social I am, the more I hate myself for not being normal enough to operate on a basic social level. Why is it so easy for normal people? Even if everyone's all fucked up in their own special way, that doesn't change the perception. I'm still in the center of my own awful awkward universe. It never gets better. Even if it does, it regresses.

Woke up hot as hell and slept in late and jolted away, stumbling to the bathroom, heart pounding. Rude ass awakening. Went through bad coffee interaction. I can't even explain it. Reality didn't manifest how I wanted. My exchange with V was horrible. I couldn't express myself and I don't feel understood at all and I couldn't make it right or clean. I could only move on and let the mess float by in the timeline unaddressed and forever steaming in a pile. So that was the start of the day.

V thought I booked the room for that night, and I thought she did.

We headed to Salt Lake. V drove. I zoned out. Even managing the playlist gave me low jolts of anxiety what the hell. Awful conversation, nothing flowed. This will be how I talk and interact with V for eternity. I don't see how I could change it. It's like we're putting a wrapped statement on the platter and serving it with lots of preconceptions and dependencies and anticipation of what the other person's going to say attached and pre-editing. It's fucking stupid. I just want to say shit and not have to couch things. This comes from lack of understanding and giving each other the benefit of the doubt. I feel like I am, but probably not doing what I want to do when I talk with V. She's obviously taking things I say in ways that are not what I want, so I have to learn how to present and make myself understood better.

Motel 6 is bad. I hate how V said told you so. People should not say I told you so. It makes you an automatic asshole for that moment. I didn't defend myself, as per usual. Why do I suck so much at social maneuvering and so good at self-loathing?

Switched motels. I don't give a fuck about prices for hotels. Everyone else does apparently. Putting effort into booking rooms and going on dumbass deal sites are not worth whatever I'm saving. I hate deal-seeking. It's time-expensive as fuck. But that's the norm I have to deal with.

Pho was ok.

The best part of the day, well, up until that point, for me internally was when I left the room while V was showering and walked in the evening warmth by myself, free. It felt as awesome as ever. Fresh solitude never lets me down. I always covet it and it lives up to my yearning, satisfying it instantly and fully. Stale and prolonged solitude is the danger zone. Maybe. I went to Whole Foods and got some full fat yogurt, green juice, and plain oatmeal. Ahh. I ate the yogurt and drank some juice on a bench outside and watched the pink clouds after the late sunset. Felt good. Then I started feeling out of place, which stuck with me, as I walked around and felt self-conscious. Got Chipotle and walked back. Had bad social encounter at the reception desk. Lady didn't hear me walk in after her and saw me in the security video feed and said, "Who's that guy?" They then turned, I guess in alarm, to me, standing there in my SF cap, unshaved face, just standing there quietly waiting for her to finish whatever the fuck she was there for so I could go on with my life. Ugh. Fuck my life. I just wanted a pot and a bowl goddamn it. Now I have a fresh horrible memory to slice myself with going forward forever.

Favorite parts of the trip now are these late night blogging sessions. Favorite in maybe not the best but definitely, definitely when I feel most at peace.

Two more weeks of this.

I so want to check the price of ETH but I'm not letting myself for some inexplicable reason. ETH will save me, right.
