Woke up in a start. Was she gone? It was only 7. I took a quick glimpse over and it looked like the coast was clear. I didn't quite want to risk her coming back and seeing me awake and having an awful conversation so I closed my eyes again and hunkered down.

It got crazier last night when I got into bed. She *had* been waiting. It was a weird way to do it--wait until I'm in bed?--but she went into how my sleeping schedule would stop us from doing things, like getting up early to do hikes before it got too hot. That had been bothering her all this time. It just struck me like another one of the inexplicable things she does that doesn't make sense to me. Why didn't she just bring this up? She used the past week of my sleeping schedule to extrapolate that I wouldn't change it and ruin the rest of the trip because it would be too hot to hike?? Whatever. I didn't do the usual thing and accuse her of not bringing it up like it was her fault. I trivialized her concern though because it was fucking trivial. I could wake up early! How did she come to the conclusion that it would be a perpetual problem I couldn't change to accommodate our schedule?

She also said it was a chance for me to say anything that I had been holding back. What the fucking fuck. I paused to register my own disbelief at the things she thought about. "I haven't been holding anything back; I've said what I thought." I had absolutely nothing to say to her. I don't care enough to. This was getting stupid. I told her me waking up was not an issue and left everything hanging. I love that part. I don't want any resolution. Resolutions are reserved for problems that make sense. This was just weird as fuck. If she wanted to leave, she could just do it. I don't need any explanation or reason. I'm super glad she did decide to leave, so I can start my real vacation. I would come off dismissive and uncaring, which describe me perfectly.

That was the last I talked to her in person. Probably for a while. I'm certainly not going to do anything or amend or talk about it. Her leaving was the greatest thing that happened to me during the trip.

I got some breakfast. I felt so light. I checked out. I tried to check in at the next motel, but the unfriendly receptionist said it wasn't even check-out time yet. I wanted to go to a cafe and sit it out. Saw Starbucks on the map and drove there. It turned out to be a supermarket, which I should have thought to go to because I was hella tired for eating out. I browsed and bought groceries, which felt so good. I missed this so much. I still had hours to go and parked in the shade and ate some dried beets, which is becoming my favorite. I started planning my next days. I really got into it, now that it was just myself. I moved precisely and made things exactly the way I wanted. Felt so fucking good. It's getting harder and harder to want to prefer being with people when I feel so fucking good doing things on my own.

I checked in, took off all my clothes, masturbated like a motherfucker on the king size bed, drowsed a little, then got ready to hike. The timing worked out. The park would be open 24 hours that day and I could see hike Delicate Arch for the sunset. It was great! Chinese tourists were annoying and loud as fuck. I wanted to get away from them, but caught myself and slowed down and took rests to not overexert. I'll just be stuck with them, whatever. It was still hot after 6. The arch looked good, a bit tempered because of all the pictures I've seen already. Sunset wasn't that necessary because the sun was on the other side of the arch, shining at it. The colors just before the sunset was the important part. Red gold. Oh, maybe that was what people meant and wanted with the sunset hike. I stayed super late to watch the stars. Some photographer set up a dim light for long exposures. I took advantage and tried some night shots of my own. I really liked one of the shots that came out. The walk back in the dark with just a flashlight was scary as hell. I was so scared of losing my way. The cairns worked nicely in being super visible beacons of civilization in the vast wild when I was desperately sweeping my flashlight looking for the trail. The other option would be for them to just put up signs lol. But it was a nice experience and made me appreciate park rangers and the kind of old simple things that work well. I got lost once, saw other hikers walking up at that time, crazy, felt so happy to see the car, drove quickly down the dark road with high beams on, thankful I made it back to the motel, ate chili, looked at some of my pictures, showered, brushed teeth, and went to fucking best bed in the universe.
