First day. Moseyed into the airport with lots of time. Got $15 airport salad. Felt great eating it. Then I got into a really weird fugue and got super drowsy and tired. I didn't want to do anything. Didn't want to listen to podcast or anything but sit and not do anything. I zoned out like this for hours. I couldn't sit comfortably, the sun slanted slowly toward my face. Agony.

The feeling continued on the plane. It was only an hour and 14 minute ride and I hated that it was that short and I couldn't settle in. I was agitated like crazy. I hated how I had to do something. I wished my mom didn't have cancer and I was free from worry and family and I were on my way to some cabin in the woods where I could spend weeks alone instead of going to fucking Las Vegas.

Then the magic happened. I landed and met up with V and it was like a switch flipped. I stopped paying attention to myself and just started talking and being a normal person around someone else. Even as I was self-assessing peeking out within my brain, I could see and feel the transformation.

We passed through brief blasts of outside temperature air as we moved from AC space to AC space. Got the rental car. They charged a lot for insurance and additional driver for V. I don't think either of us minded. I charged and charged. The booth agent looked at the first car we picked and wrote something on the windshield and told us it was bad and we should get another car. The car felt loose and sensitive. I have to get used to it. I drove very meekly and uncertainly and felt the same way as I did when I first started driving. I turned left into the wrong way turning lane again. What the fuck is up with that.

Picked up V's boyfriend and his friends. They were there for a Magic convention. We went out for all-you-can-eat sushi, which was surprisingly good for an all-you-can-eat sushi place. It felt good to be in a group.

Back at the hotel and typing. Got free cookies from hotel. It's late. Can't wait to get out of the city tomorrow. 
