All day in hotel room. I did go out, had to, for a bit. Walked unencumbered to the lake, crossed the street to the frontier mock up and got an ice cream cone. Wild huckleberry. It wasn't bad. Looked for the pool and gym. Bought bacon flavored caramel popcorn as souvenir for family. There isn't that much out here to take home. Bought ramen because I felt this sudden nostalgic need to just eat a packet, for old time's sake. It's been years and years. Hot pockets. A small vegetable platter. I think that was it.

I reworked my money spreadsheet. I'm going to record half-years because I can't help myself. I like to count my money! Played more heroes. Watched some TV, tried to find something to watch, gave up. I have a cut in my mouth and eating pineapple was a bad idea. Its juices denature flesh?? The cut bled out some. I randomly ate the random groceries I bought. I have Gardettos rye chips only, cuties left over from the start of the trip V put in the cart for me at Target, still a lot of potatoes, a couple pounds at least, mini sweet peppers, almost done with that, one peanut butter banana sandwich I made yesterday for the hike that I didn't finish and won't ever now, baby carrots in a zip lock bag, turkey chili in a can, beef jerky that tastes weird now which I'll throw away, one more packet of instant oatmeal I'll finish for tomorrow's breakfast, peanut butter, jalapeno jam, and a few more slices of bread. I think that's everything. Oh yeah, my ramen. It sounds like a lot of food but it really isn't? Or maybe it is.

Tomorrow I'll got for a long hike, at least four hours. Got myself super excited looking over the map now. I like how I can rouse myself like that. Purpose.
