Streamline caprese sandwich. It fit into what I wanted to eat. It's not completely vegetables like a salad, and not heavy like meat. Basil and tomatoes lift up the mozzarella.

I stayed there for a while. I wrote a bunch, the most since I don't know when. 600, 700 words. Felt like something. Saturdays are shedding meaning. I don't know what to do. I wander and wander. It sucks.

I used the dumbbells. It's gotten easier to motivate myself to pick them up more frequently. Twice a week now is fine. I don't put up a lot of mental resistance to it, which is great. I can see myself just doing some curls for lack of anything else to do. It's not hard anymore. Progress sort of on that front. It's been easier because I've dropped the planks and sit ups. It would have been nice to include those, but they will definitely absolutely stop me from working out at all.

I await refund and bits from Amazon. I wonder if it would get complicated.

Writing here is noticeably less therapeutic than writing in a paper journal. I feel it. I remember how great it felt before. Though it might be a time thing, and writing in the paper journal now also not evoke the same calm, comfort, and clarity I felt years ago.

Too much introspection.

Watched Train to Busan and Radius. It was interesting to see the norms and emotional direction of a Korean movie. Radius was bad. Bad acting. Wish they did more with the premise. I wrapped up Netflix night with a long BBC documentary about a fancy hotel in Singapore. I liked seeing the Singapore multi-culture and people at work and how they work together more than the hotel itself.

Fucking daylight savings.
