Went with dad to the travel agency on Irving. We got there and it was nowhere to be found. They had gone out of business apparently. Back home. Got grandma turnip cakes, salmon fried rice, and wonton noodles from the corner diner. Then I did more research for the New York trip, which I really didn't want to do but then it was fine towards the end because it gave meaning to an otherwise meaningless Sunday afternoon. I didn't write at all. I didn't work out. I didn't go outside. I just pathetically watched VODs because no one was streaming and played Civ. I kept playing Civ until I hated myself and stopped.

I feel stress from work because I actually have work and it's not clear if I can succeed. Then there's Shu's birthday next Sunday compounding the work stress. So not feeling that great, always because of super tiny things.

Started laying out the book's outline on a webpage. It's weird. It's easier to draw with CSS than to use Photoshop.

I let a lot of things slide instead of facing them and trying. I have not bothered at all to dial this in. I'm half-assing most of my life. Gross mirror. Holes in my inside clothes. Wisdom teeth. Room. Unframed pictures. Shaver. Haircut. Weird moles I haven't gotten checked. My depression and anxiety, the big ones. Clothes in general. Social life. Friendships. Family. Work and career. Exercise, weights, running. Reading. Travel. My commute. Groceries, breakfast, after work food. Cooking. Sleep, going to bed and waking up. My old car.

What are the things that I try really hard at and be fucking meticulous about, go all out? The book. Finances. Crypto.

On a second tier level, I've got my phone where I want it to be. My glasses are on point. Green Converses forever. My camera. This blog is fine, it's in a state that can self sustain, the design can last. The other blog is fine too.

This is really interesting. I didn't realize how stark my apathy was until I really laid everything out. This is new stuff to disect.
