I miss mom so much. It really hurts. The pain and grief are hitting so hard now. The relief immediately following her death has pretty much all faded. There is no relief for this now. I don't think this ever goes away. Memories of her come to me frequently the past few days. I walk near Post street and a rush of feelings come back, when we would wait for the bus together. I saw the exact post at the bus stop, the very same. This is so much worse than I've ever felt, the sadness.

I hate how I'm also stressing about Shu's birthday lunch. It's all just due to meeting her friends and new people. I hate it. I don't know how I'm going to enjoy it. It's something to endure and survive through. Every social event is like that for me. It fucking sucks. My body and mind treat it like a battle and I'm buzzing with flight or fight chemicals coursing my veins and messing up my brain chemistry. I am in danger, it's screaming, and I have all these detrimental long-term effects happening because of this.

Then secondarily is the New York trip, where there are new variables, and with new variables more potential for disaster.

I stress about work because of the new manager, also a source of the unknown and I can't rely on my relationship and past history with my previous manager, who was super great. I'm going to fuck this up and lose my job, or at least make it more stressful than before. I want to coast here and it had been working out great. It's mine to lose.

It's so unlikely that I would get a girlfriend, get married, and have kids. That future is almost an outright impossibility. I can't see the throughline to it. It's so remote. I can see me finish my book. I can see me lingering around my job for more years. So many things would have to change from my status quo and just personality and motivations and current headspace for me to find a partner. I cannot imagine it. The route to it is so imperceivable and beyond what I can see happening. It would take a miracle.
