The weekend still lingers. Got up at 7:30 again despite my efforts. Had protein powder in addition to the banana for breakfast. I had forgotten about it. I don't know why I'm so consistent when it comes to recording what I had for breakfast versus lunch and dinner. I don't need to remember this! A place to start, I guess.

Answered a bunch of questions about the first part of Chapter 3. I think I need to pick up the pace. At this rate, I might not finish until next year. I think, especially with this great habit streak going, I can get Draft 2 done before 2017.

Listened to the rest of Unattended Consequences and then some Self-Publishing Formula. Maybe some Downloadable Content?

Got to work and T2 is so dead. There is no energy. I had work and filled the time. Didn't know what to eat for lunch and chose poorly. I wanted a big salad, but got this omelette with lox and it wasn't close to the satisfaction of a big salad. I toiled in the dim.

I worked out what the site design will be. Fixed full width picture again, except with a narrow banner at the bottom, with fixed name, nav, and the first line of the post. The rest of the post will scroll up over the picture, name and nav staying at the sides. Email will be in a similarly narrow banner at the bottom, black background. I will make it fancy and the name and nav will change color upon intersecting this black email banner.

Walked down Sacramento. It felt strange that I hadn't gone that way before.

I started laying out the itinerary and packing lists for Iceland. There is a lot of bag fuss I have to wade through. I will have to decide if I want to pack 10 sets of clothes or 5 sets and do hotel bathroom laundry, which would be new. I still have to research where and what to eat.
