Tried out a new wake-up time, half an hour earlier from 7:30 to 7. I'm really liking the hour or so of writing in the morning and wanted more of it. My head's clear. So much possibility. I block out noise from the rest of the house with some Rainy Mood and it works. I don't have to worry about that part, being at home, bothering me like I thought it would. I can see me keeping this up.

Had a banana for breakfast. The only drawback is that I still have to deal with breakfast. I don't want to drink my supply of Soylent every morning. I thought I would make oatmeal, but realize I don't want to leave my room at all during this time. I may have to keep eating bananas.

Bus was late. Annoying. Though I'm waking up earlier and getting to the bus stop earlier, I still manage to miss the bus and end up on the same one I would get on before when I woke up at 8:45. Weak.

Listened to more Dan Carlin WWI. On Part 5.

Got to work. Still nothing to do. I worked on this website. Ate Kraft microwavable mac and cheese. It was pretty good. Ate one Fig Newton while waiting for the mac and cheese in the microwave. Tossed away the other one in the two-pack and felt bad about wasting food for like two seconds. S brought in his dogs. They roamed around the loft and weaved through the desks.

Wasn't hungry around lunchtime, so walked a long ways around the hilly parts to the north and east. Got super hungry when I ordered a hot chicken sandwich from Panko, I was shaking. Wolfed it down while walking. Was still hungry so got an acai bowl and ate it there while reading a thread about the Thai king dying.

Nothing at work. Read about Civ 6. Left around 5:15. Wish I took some Soylent with me, but was in a hurry so I wouldn't be the last one and had to lock up.

Reparked car from Friday side to Tuesday side by the park. I ate a whole bunch of hot Cheeto fries I had left as emergency rations in the car because I didn't like them enough to eat all at once. They tasted great!

V wasn't home for dinner, ate with parents. Read what people thought about The Traitor Baru Cormorant. Seems like a message book.

Time for bed. Going to try to wake up even earlier tomorrow. 6:30.
