Can't stand to travel with C anymore. It's not fun. I keep thinking how much better it would be if I were with someone else. Finding a good travel buddy is hard. Like in life!

Today, what happened. Golden Circle tour. 8 beefy hours. I started out a quarter asleep and the dial swung further and further right as the rhythmic plodding of the bus through the narrow country roads and the soft platter of rain smearing the gray light from the windows and the even tone of the tour guide drew me down and down. I tried to fight it, but didn't know why, so I gave in and let myself sleep. Of course, this caused abrupt disorientation when we had to get off at each attraction. The stories and info from the tour guide meshed and weaved and jumped and it was like when I was high.

So the thing I don't like about traveling with C is that she doesn't want to stick together during the trip. Not even sit together on the tour bus. What the hell. Isn't that the whole point of traveling together, to be together? So she would kind of go off on her own. She is very independent in general so I shouldn't be that surprised, but I didn't realize the extent. I essentially went through the whole tour without speaking with her. No shared moments. It was weird too when I would pass her on a waterfall trail or something and it was as if we didn't know each other. So I puttered around by myself or silently next to her. Horrible. Not only cause she wasn't being companionable but because her chill triggers my chill and I distance myself from her back. It all just makes for a fucking no fun time. I really didn't want to be around her today. Anything would have been better.

The Golden Circle wasn't that great. It might have been because of all the weird stuff above with C, or the crappy weather, or that I was severely sleep-deprived, all subjective layering on over what could have been great sightseeing I guess. Tectonic rift, waterfalls, geysers, salmon ladder, geothermic power plant, and Icelandic show horses. The horses were the standout. We--I--got off the bus and there were just a couple of cool-looking small ponies to the side. They approached all calm and friendly-like to the gate to meet the people who walked up to them. I was amazed. Super docile. People reached in and petted them on the head and the horses hung out for photo ops. I got my best pictures of the trip here. That was the other reason for me liking the horses. I liked finally having enough control and recognition of the situation to know what to do with my camera for good effect.

During the waterfall stop, the wind and rain were just super intense. I bought a poncho and was clutching on to it for my life. My forehead got the brunt of the gale and I thought my head was going to split open right then.

How would I make this better for next time? Would I avoid all bus tours like this? I kept wishing the bus wouldn't stop so I didn't have to get off. It was cold and rainy outside and I just wanted to sleep. The lesson probably is to get a good night sleep before doing these things. And have a more engaging traveling partner!

I did have the best bowl of tomato seafood pot of soup. So good. I wish I took the bread they had too. Flavored and this green butter dip.

Got back to the Airbnb and had the best sleep. But only for four hours. I don't know what time my body even thinks it is anymore. I'll probably just lie here until morning when I would be zombie-like shuffling through the rest of the day.

But fortunately! Today is C's last day. I am so looking forward to being on my own and leaving this crappy Airbnb and masturbating in my own hotel room. The best! I'm much more excited about this next leg of the trip than the initial one. My own anti-social gear kicking in right here. Can't wait can't wait. I'm going to like buy a bag of food from the mart and just watch the rest of Stranger Things. Bring on the rain and storm!
