After we got out of the airport, we got on a bus to the lagoon. It was too dark to see much outside of the bus, but I was riveted by the streets signs, traffic patterns, street widths, and general layout of the roads. Roundabouts. The bus driver seemed friendly-indifferent. Friendly-indifferent seems fitting so far.

There was immediate countryside on the road leaving the airport, the kind I've always had in mind in connection with Iceland. It was pervasive.

We were the first group at the lagoon. There was a lit path leading up to it, which looked great in the semi-darkness. That semi-darkness was pervasive too, I will learn, in the few days I've been here.

The place had the look of a nice resort. The landscaping was polished. I really like the dark rock decor.

I stepped out of the shower in my shorts and towel, and out the door. It was freezing. The lagoon was this awesome milky blue. Steaming. I hung up my towel and hurried into the water. Oh my god, immediate euphoria. It was amazing. I hunkered in the water, with just my head above. My vision fogged. What's more, it started raining and the feeling of freedom and immunity amplified. I was totally struck with the present. The vividness. I wandered around the area, there was gravel sometimes at the bottom, and drifted.

Communication is so important and could fix almost all of my problems. Everyone's problems. I could only email C because I didn't have cell signal. Even with something as instant as email, it's not instant. I waited hella long for her at that cafe table. Communication!

We took the bus back and it was hard not to fall asleep. I think I was sleepy, I've forgotten already.

Got to the Airbnb. It was a dumpy place. I slept under the stairs in a dungeon hole. I won't take a shower because I don't want to expose myself. I don't like living with other people.

Ate at a terrible Thai place. Everything was expensive and small and not good. The soup was good.

This is the day that never ends. It's around 9 p.m. local time and I had been awake for over twenty-four hours. Maybe like thirty.

The final thing for the day was a Northern Lights tour, where the bus goes out into the wilderness east of the city and keep driving until we see the lights. It seemed like a recipe to perfectly extend my sleep-deprivation.

The first stop was inside a national park, next to a little cafe with postcards. There were other buses parked, and all their people scattered out on the grounds in parkas and mittens, shuffling in the snow and patchy ice, looking up. The hour passes. It was hella cold.

Something weird was happening in the sky. It was a little path of lighter fuzz that seemed to shift. I couldn't tell if it was actually happening. The difference between the static of the inside of my eyelids and the static of that night sky was slight.

"Look!"

Straight overhead, a ribbon of light came out of nowhere and spread and it looked exactly like a misty veil dancing, there is only that one way to describe it. It's not nearly as bright and colorful as in the time-lapsed postcards, but the motion and sway were perfectly there.

The tour guide ran yelling back to the bus to tell the people who didn't want to wait in the cold.

Seeing the Northern Lights in person was unbelievable and the kind of thing that stays with you.

I slept fourteen hours.
