Weird post this time. Skipped half of today.

Woke up around work time, 7. Bart to SFO. Moseyed for a few hours. Had oatmeal with steamed milk and a spinach salad for breakfast/lunch. It was the least horrible food option at the airport. I should have eaten something big somewhere. I would have eaten a big oatmeal breakfast at home if I had my apartment. I didn't want to eat at home. I should have saved a soylent at least and chugged that right before going into security!  Oh well.

I looked up the on-flight menu and saw skyr! Would eat. It was only 2 something. It was an easy decision for me to get that over paying over 10 for a crappy airport salad again. There was also this quinoa thing that turned out to taste exactly like the nasty quinoa Nature Box thing at work. But they didn't actually have skyr for west coast flights so I had to get a super bar, basically a candy bar.

I like Wow Air. No frills, the flight was great. It resembled any other flight I've had, only that I paid half for it and didn't get a meal or blanket and pillows. I got my carry-on and my backpack as a personal item. No difference there. Would definitely fly Wow again++. I like to imagine that the plane could crash any minute and it wouldn't bother me because it's essentially, what are you going to do. There's nothing you could do to save your live on a falling plane. Not having that personal responsibility there frees up my stress about it. It's like, if the universe wanted to kill you, dying on a plane is in the same bag as falling down a man-hole.

Listened to a tiny bit of Art Bell Ghost to Ghost AM then had to turn it off. My tolerance is now much lower for crazy people calling in. Watched an episode of Parts Unknown (Sichuan). Tried to watch some Mythbusters and saw one episode already and the other was a clip show so I deleted them. So I opened up some Stranger Things. It's good so far, as expected. This is in the same bag as Pixar for me, and that's not a compliment.

The captain told people to look out the window. Northern Lights! I waited in line to bend down and peer out of this tiny-ass porthole in the crew section at the front of the plane. I saw a faint white glow above the horizon. Or I might have imagined it. It was stupid. I sat down.

I had this euphoria. It felt really nice and I felt like I could do so much to improve my life and get a girlfriend and have good relations with people and be happy. I don't know how and why these bouts happen. I was thinking about redesigning my site into uneven grids, and that's a perennial favorite kickstarter. Another is porn.

Then I landed. It was 4 a.m. The plane didn't taxi all the way to the gate so I came down a ladder and walked through the first blast of Iceland cold. It wasn't too bad. It was rainy-y. Perfect weather.

I immediately liked the graphic design of the airport. It also had the best bathroom stalls I've ever seen. Each one is a mini bathroom with its own sink inside. Customs was easy breezy. Love getting my passport stamped.

Met up with C and had a bad breakfast because I didn't communicate well and didn't insist on getting my order right. Bought like a $4 hot dog that I didn't want. I thought I wanted meat, but it was gross, I should have gotten the cold breakfast. Or maybe just skyr.

This is now about stuff that officially happened on Friday though, so tune in tomorrow, kids!
