Was at grandfather's birthday family dinner on my mom's side, which I don't know very well. Got pissed that everyone talked to me only to pressure me about getting a girlfriend. What the fuck. I just read reddit and ignored people basically and was rude, I don't care. Drank hot tea poured accidentally into some coke. Tasted pretty good.

Felt kind of weirdly sick the night before after the long hike. My nose was runny for a little while during the night. My throat was a little scratchy at first. But all that's gone now. I slept til 10. The oversleeping didn't suck as much as I made it out to be yesterday. I'm not very disciplined.

I hate depending on people. I don't want my dad to cook for me when my mom's too tired from the chemo to cook. I hate myself for not helping. Dad brought back dim sum and we ate it for lunch.

Fuck Sundays. Just fuck it. I hate them, I think I said before, and I will continue to do so. It's worse than Mondays. I will gladly have another Monday so I don't have to deal with Sunday. It's moved well beyond its association with the raw base of Monday. It's not bad because it's close to Monday. Sunday's bad because of the psychological effects it has. At least Mondays, you're dealing with the crap directly. Sunday is just all anticipation and helpless anticipation at that because you can't deal with Monday for another day. It being a free day that you're supposed to enjoy, that's just mockery right there. It has corrosive expectation built into it. The perfect conflux of the worst kind.

I wrote a bit. The first chunk of the first part of the second draft of Chapter 3. I'm so far from finishing this, fuck. It's the only thing I'm working on, so seeing so little progress is disheartening. What am I doing with my life.

I walked to the library and got some ice cream. New thing for today: guava. It was better than I expected. It was milky instead of being a sorbet like I thought it would be. It lost the flavor by the end though.

I hate dealing with family. People in general, probably. I'm happier alone. Well, until I have to eat out and then I hella need people. No easy tidy declarations about this.

I don't know why I'm having so much trouble falling asleep. I might be super stressed and not realize it. Therapy and drugs.
