7:30 again! What. Will sleep by 9:30 tonight and see if that changes anything. I'm reluctant; I've had so much insomnia lately. Thinking too much, probably. This would mean more hours just lying there.

Answered more questions about Chapter 3. I'm still leaving a lot of details just floating around. Might bite me later, but I really don't want to linger any more. I want that book done so badly. If I have a Draft 2, it means it's become readable. I can show it to people. I can get feedback. I crave and can't wait for that part. Then after/during that, Draft 3 is when I can really go whole hog and edit the hell out of it and obsess over everything and give myself the time, finally, to attend to things properly and with appropriate care.

I haven't been counting my push ups, which feels great. I can focus on form and how things feel at the moment and not flail to reach a number. I'm all about feels. "Since feeling is first." This is what this blog is all about! A feeling-capture.

I added a new item to my dailies: New thing. I would do a new thing every day. I started a blog about this a while ago and gave up on it. This time will be different. I won't do it just to do it. The idea is to make myself more alert and active. I'll probably fail to check it off but I'll try.

Hardcore History gets waaay into the grisly first-hand accounts. Festering shell-holes with corpses, shit, and poison gas. Vivid. I like how long the episodes are, paying no mind to short-attention-span people, as is right, fuck them.

Worked on the couch behind the ping pong table. It was pretty good. Too bad I got tired and had to charge the laptop back at my desk when it was getting dark and I ended up trapped in the dark hole like before.

Ate lunch at Little Henry's on the corner. I passed by the place for <i>decades</i> and finally went in. It was good. I was the only one in there though and I wondered why. I saw that it had a 62 health score, from two years ago, might be that, but eh. I thought it was cheap but then I don't usually eat pasta so I looked up how much a plate of spaghetti was and it wasn't that cheap actually. Not sure if I'll go back. I can't say it's a cheap place because it's not really. Not much going for it.

Told B and R that I didn't get the job. I don't know why it took me so long to think of doing this. Following up with people is crucial.

I love Chinatown. I feel amazing walking through it, before work and after. The neighborhood is precious and it won't stay that way forever. It's like I miss it but it's still there and I can appreciate it. I need to bring my camera and take as many pictures as I can.

Fuck the debate I'm never going to read the news again.
