Super hard getting out of bed. Alarm at 6:30 and didn't get up til 7:30. I have no idea why. I went to bed at 9 the night before. Nothing makes sense.

Monday morning commute. No.

On the train, started listening to Tested's regular podcast and I think I like it. It goes way more in-depth and has nice coverage of tech current events without the big personality of Adam Savage's podcast.

I super hate how dark my desk is. I'm going to start working from the patio. Real work finally after weeks of nothing and yet I don't want to do any of it. Well, not exactly true. I like my job a lot and don't think I can find something like it again. Just that, today, after a great weekend, I don't want. People missing too so it felt weird and quiet.

Listened to Unattended Consequences on the way home. I look forward to it the most, but the long-windedness and the self-love of people who like to talk wear on me. I also don't like Max Temkin.

Doing all the dailies in the morning makes my evenings now feel like an utter desolate stretch of time. I really don't have to do anything. Blogging this now is the only thing left on my list. I could write more I guess? Or work more on my site. Or watch guilt-free shows. Mindlessly browsing the internet has lost its grip on me, I'm glad to report. Reddit is a greasy revulsion.

I'm not complaining, by the way. It feels a bit like what I imagine post-retirement free time would feel like. It's earned freedom. It might be that I'm just not into that as much as I thought.
