They fired someone else at work today. What is going on. I don't want to get used to this. It's so bad. I don't know how to take all this. I like my coworkers! But she's going to a better job, so that worked out.

Didn't wake up early enough to write and do my push ups today and had to do it after work. It was because I slept late last night because I didn't want to sleep early PLUS I had to go to work early to do something that I didn't do yesterday after work because it was rainy and I didn't want to go back to the office to do it. So it was this whole chain of events and little slips that conspired to bring down my habit fortress.

I just finished going through another section in Chapter 3. I have a nice choice to make after this part. The scene after this action scene is another action scene. I sort of wanted to reinforce the fatigue to make the reader feel as exhausted as the characters, but I'm exhausted too and want to change it up. I'll see. Maybe I should keep it the way it is for impact. It could just annoy people though.

I love sketching out web design layouts. I could do that all day long. I was doing that for most of the day at work.

I hate translating and dealing with letters and processes and insurance and having to sign on to sites when the people who originally signed up my parents probably made up some stupid login that my parents don't know about or where it is and the whole thing is a fucking mess. I will have to call tomorrow during my lunch hour or something and wait on the phone forever because that's when everyone's calling and then see if they will let me call on behalf of my parents because there's no way to get them on the phone with me to prove any of this and it's just so much harder to do anything when you're an immigrant and don't know the language. FUCK.

New thing: wonton noodle soup at the off-Chinese place.

Warriors lost lol so much for that.
