Working down in the south bay has taken a turn for the worse. I hate everything about it now. Getting up early as hell for the long ass shuttle ride. Can't stay up because I have to get up early for the long ass shuttle ride. The open office with no privacy. I don't like working with the new people. There's no order. No one knows what's going on. There's so much confusion and rushing. It's fallen so far from the magical early years when I could depend on people.

Fourth Aunt's departure has left grandma super confused and she in turn is annoying the fuck out of everyone especially dad. She makes up things in her head and incessantly reverts to that account of history. Fourth Aunt has lived here for nine years and grandma keeps thinking she had just arrived and left without telling her. Grandma thinks seemingly the absolute worst of people for some reason. Makes no fucking sense that that scenario is what her brain latches on to.

So those two pillars are severely eroded now and explains a lot of my really bad mood. Streams are stupid recently too; I can't rely on them as I had before for succor.

What am I looking forward to? For fall projects to end so I can sit quietly in my cubicle again. On the home front, if I can move to my own space again, that would do wonders for my depression and anxiety.

The third pillar, friends and people I guess, is buckling too. All my relationships are sucking so much. They're fading away and I can't save them.

This might be the worst time to deprive myself of crypto.

I went to the eggpuff place and got a taro eggpuff. It wasn't very good. I should stop going there.
