I called in sick because I absolutely couldn't stand the thought of getting on that shuttle bus and enduring a day at that desk. Went to the cafe, got my oatmeal, green tea, and chicken pot pie. Stayed there the entire day working.

Left at 4 p.m. and walked. First down, turned right, and made my way past the library, then decided I should really pick up some books. Randomly checked out a Murakami book and a fantasy one.

Walking back when H texted me and asked if it was me. She thought she saw me as her car passed by. Her parents said no, and she said that it must be because of the green Converses. It took me a second to figure out which H this was. I thought it was H, texting after all these years. Then of course, no, snapped back to the only H I had contact with. We exchanged texts. I really should have asked her what was on my mind: I never met her parents; how did they know it wasn't me? I didn't ask because I might actually have met them, seen them through the window or something when I dropped her off? I don't trust my memory at all, and this kind of situation keeps coming up with H, where I betray how little I remember our interactions while she remembers everything. So I didn't engage in real conversation and just made meaningless, waste of time chatter. Another missed and squandered opportunity and regret to add to the towering pile.

I finished the Murakami book in a couple of hours. I like the mood of his books. It was called After Dark.

I followed up and texted H. I don't care about being in the moment and bad timing. I crave connection and should not give up.

She answered and it was the obvious answer I knew already and didn't really want to pick at because it makes me sound too invested. She showed them pictures of me. Now why would she do that? Because she was closer to her parents and that would be a normal thing to do! To me though, I'm reading too much into it. Bleh.

OK, she threw cold water on that by saying that her mom probably mistakened me for K. Double bleh.
