I didn't have my sunglasses. I left them in the tent and rolled it up. This led me to close my eyes for the ride back, and that made me hella groggy as I drifted in and out with the monotonous radio. NPR fucking sucks and it was the worst thing possible to listen to. I didn't say anything. Because whatever.

When I got back, I knew I didn't want to interact with anyone. Having to sit through hot pot was the very last thing I wanted to do. I dropped off my crap and headed the hell out of there.

I walked down to the beach in the gray fog. Hunched in my hoodie. I was a sad sack.

I reached the edge of the water, and kind of stood there, watching the awesome snowy plovers. I was trying to come up with the right verb to describe how they ran in and out with the waves. I took some pictures, then saw that I took the same gray beach pictures last year on my birthday. Nothing has changed apparently.

I walked all over. I sure as hell wasn't going to go back home before 9. I wanted to just go straight to my room. I got some King of Thai; the appetizers are as always pretty bad. I should stop going there so often. It's always never met my expectations. I always remember it's better than it actually is.

I had so much time left and had no idea what to do. I went to Walgreens and bought some Goldfishes and candy which I late threw away and some weak flavored water thing. I carried on this in a big paper bag and walked some more. Everything was pretty awful. I sat on a bench next to the basketball courts in the dark, scrolling Twitter. So, so bad. A low point, if there was ever one.

I went to Starbucks because it was the only thing open. That at least gave my steps some purpose, and I didn't feel as tired. I ordered a flat white and sat there, with the phone in my ear because I didn't have my earbuds and listened to Kate stream. I could cry. It was time, and I walked back and got my wish; everyone was done eating and I slipped into my room and basked in the mindless glow of the internet.
