Salad at Streamline. Cappuccino too. I don't know the difference. It's just coffee, more concentrated?, in a small cup. The salad was as unfilling as the last couple of times I had it. It really isn't that good.

I did get deep into writing-planning stuff. I was trying to figure out why I liked certain characters and what about how they were written that made them work for me. I wrote down some notes, but I don't think I can use them. It was a good exercise nevertheless. Relationships over characters?

I went to West Portal to see what the construction was like. Everything's all blocked off with equipment all over the road. Poor stores. I really like that neighborhood. I got some frozen yogurt from Easy Breezy, then walked down the street, then back to the library. I couldn't write any more so I listened to music, trying to listen to only new songs. Trap Nation. Base Nation.

It was around 4 that I got that Sunday afternoon feeling. It wasn't Sunday, but it was the same. I fucking hate it. It's so dismal. And I feel like I'm giving work so much power to make me feel this way. I don't give a shit about work and it shouldn't make me feel this way!

That was the start of the horrible second half of the day for me. I hated how I didn't have control over my life. I don't want to fucking take the shuttle down to the South Bay tomorrow. This week is going to be awful. Short time line to rush work. There's going to be so stupid fuck up and last minute change and release team problems. This is bullshit. I will have to wake up early tomorrow to catch the stupid bus, then have to talk to J all the way down, for fucking hour and a half. I shouldn't even have tried to be someone I'm not. I should have been sad sack, indifferent me from the beginning. It's all about managing expectations, right.

Then I'm going to have to upkeep being around everyone and not get any work done and can't get lunch by myself and have to eat with people and then not be able to concentrate in the afternoon and have to rush to catch the bus back, then again sit for two hours having to talk to J again, and come back exhausted as hell and probably need to work some more to catch up.

I can see this so obviously. Of course, I can play dumb and just show up at T2 tomorrow and not even go down. No one told me, right. I can't get away with that.

Oh yeah, ETH is going to rise before I could get my deposit in to buy what I want. Guaranteed. It's how it works.
