Not very good pasta for Sunday lunch. Rainy. Played Bloons, watched streams. Crypto down. Didn't think about work.

I really wonder what's going to happen. I love predicting. It gives me a reason to see how the future turns out. I'm in a thinking mood. Something big is going to happen this year. Bad or good. Anything to make up for the nothing that's been the last few years.

The dream of course is that ETH hits $10,000 and I quit my job, move out, and travel. That's peak, peak.

But ETH has to hit $3,500 first. And that means BTC breaks $100,000 this year. Already, that's really dicey, and I don't think that's going to happen. My small sell was the top. ETH is not going to struggle around $2,000, if it will even get back there again. Probably, but will drop back. BTC will languish around $40,000, periodically dropping into the $30,000s. Complete sideways wasteland. I end up having to pay shitload of estimated taxes because of YFI. That's a bad case scenario and that's why it will happen. I'll have to dip into the emergency fund, which I would never be able to enjoy being full longer than a few months. ETH can drop back below $1,000 so, so easily, and it'll happen this year. Soon. I won't have money to buy any more because I have to pay fucking taxes. That slots in nicely into my max pain series of events. So outside of ETH hitting $3,500, every other eventuality will be shit, so I especially can't look to crypto for any succor. It's just suffering over there. I'll once again not check crypto for a couple of days, and remind myself how pointless chart watching is. I only have two actionable things: ETH > $3,500. YFI < $25,000. I've set the alerts.

So this is how I realistically see and hope things will go.

I get vaccinated. ETH hits $3,500. I buy a car. I move out.

That's already the best year of my life since I first moved out. Then, my biggest decision will be when to sell and retire. If ETH is $3,500, that means I'll still only be 35% of the way there. It's really between which of the two I can endure or escape from first: living at home or working. It's of course working, but I can escape from living at home a lot sooner than retiring. I could move out for a year, and come back. Just even that will be fine.

Chances are, only one of those things will happen. I get vaccinated. That's it. I can't even buy a car, or maybe I would, but a Honda or something just to have a car. Ugh. Getting a vaccine will at least let me go on a train again, and escape and pretend a hotel room is an apartment.

I will mess up at work this year. Guaranteed. I can feel the inevitability.

Some medical disaster will happen to me, or family.

First cousin is going to get into some kind of trouble.

Everything else will be the same for 2021. I'll ask H out. I'll visit C and K. I'll go camping. Eat edibles at E's place. That is pretty good actually.
