Better day today than yesterday. Texted H and IMed V. Reaching out and talking to people is still very effective at improving my mood. I had a nightmare about work yesterday, and the power stuff was really stressing me out. They did send someone out to check the power, but I said they could come back at 5 p.m. because they asked if I was working from home, and in my procrastinatory ways, didn't want them to check things then? I don't know, I have really bad judgement. So they said they would come back, but of course, they didn't. So I've left myself in limbo about what's happening with that. I'll have to call again tomorrow and see what they say. That was stupid. Also, the work meeting I was dreading, I didn't say anything, naturally, like I feared I wouldn't, but it seemed like the matter of course that the lead spoke, while my boss and the project manager didn't say anything either. So I felt weird, and the situation didn't turn out as well as it could have for me. I think it was a lost opportunity, but maybe it wasn't even an opportunity in the first place. Then also, there is another meeting set up, so this also became a lingering thing and didn't resolve.

I ended up not caring, and let myself not care, and treated it as a weekend. I stopped delaying gratification and just ate the guac and drank the booch, that would have fit in better on a real Friday, but whatever. That idealized Friday might not even manifest, and I've learned that the ideal time I'm delaying gratificatoin for sometimes being sucky, and it's not worth it for me to be optimistc about the future. So screw that, no more waiting, I'm going to do whatever I want right now. The marshmallow test depends on people keeping their promise to give you two marshmallows later. In reality, there are no guarantees. Eat the marshmallow now.

Ignored crypto today.

Unboxed the cube storage shelf.
