Predictions below.

The last thing I want to do is work.

Bought a copy of Wind-Up Bird Chronicle. It's weirder than I remembered. I did remember lemon drops though.

Took a nice long walk today. I really needed it. I needlessly took along an umbrella. Got winter gourd milk tea, which was weird. Won't get that again. Peasant pies. Listened to Shardcast and some Indicator episodes. I would usually have listened to crypto podcasts, but wanted to stay away, like with Offline TV. Presumably I'll go back to them at the end of the month, but I don't know. No more streams for sure. I think that's easy to do. They take up hella time.

Something bad is going to happen tomorrow with work.

Will the virus peter out? It has to, eventually, one way or another. Will dad, or V, or first aunt bring home the virus? Then grandma will get sick and likely die from it. Or anyone I guess. If first aunt dies, it would bring so much pain and suffering for the dad, me, and V to take care of grandma. He could not hire a caretaker fulltime. Or would he have to? If grandma dies, first aunt would be free to leave and take care of her family. The living situation would change for sure, then. If V dies, then I'll just break down and honestly can't work or do anything. If dad dies, so many consequences. No idea what would happen with grandma and first aunt. She and my other aunts have to take care of her. I would be useless. They would stay at this house still. I do not want to at all. The only thing making me stay now is dad. I don't want to live here at all. Never did. Where would I live? I would take time to travel or live somewhere else, or *something*. I need to get out of here. First aunt and grandma could live upstairs, and I'll take their room in the basement. The only thing I really need is my own space. It's all I ask. V can stay where she is, or if she wants to evict the tenants at the old house. I want nothing to do with tenants. If first aunt and dad die, and it's grandma, and me, and V, I'll ask second aunt, or someone to take her in. I can't take care of someone, especially not grandma. Or we'd need to hire a caretaker.

Nothing will happen. In a few months, things will be back to normal, except with a recession. I will likely have to cancel the EITS Iceland trip. August still seems too soon for things to go back to what they were.

Trump will get re-elected. It wouldn't even be close.

I will lose my job this year. I won't buy a car. Crypto won't be anything. I won't buy more either because it would be in the boring middle levels. My net worth would be back to last year's level, or the year before. Weak ass numbers that don't do anything. The recruiting call on Tuesday will amount to nothing. I will publish a third short story this year. Likely after I lose my job. V will maybe get infected with the virus. I'll get it too probably then. I'll deplete three-fourths of my emergency fund this year. Then the rest of it next year. For a while I would have to ask V to pay the mortgage. I will sell a lot of my Roth next year. I will never sell any crypto. I'd rather sell my 401k than touch crypto. I won't find a job until late 2021. It'll be some shitty contract thing doing the same email crap. I'll slowly rebuild my Roth. Mid-thirties, getting older. I'll have some kind of health issue. Still living at home, no car still, just kind of limping along. It's going to be so bad. I'll drag myself until I hit 40, and that'll be the rock bottom. No progress. Nothing to show for anything. I'll drift in and out of employment and have no relevant skills. No references. I'd have more short stories self-published and cling on to those. Dad will get health issues. First aunt goes away for some reason, and it'll just be hell. That will be where everything settles. I would still not take any depression medication, and grind it out, and have actual breakdowns. Dad will end up paying for the mortgage again. He'll still work and get banged up, and come back and cook dinner and buy groceries and vacuum. Car accident. He'll get some long term damage that needs constant attention. The new car will be totaled, gone. He'll be forced to buy another one. I will probably not even find work in 2021. Just years of this despair. Nothing I want will happen. Everything I don't will. To a T. We will end up selling this house, move back to the old house. No rental income anymore. Dad getting social security, and spending that to take care of degenerate me still. I'm 45, I'm 50. I'm going to get forced to sell my crypto. Sell 401k. I end up with nothing. Anything I had an ounce of cumulative equity in, where I tried to build up, my grand financial plans, will revert to the mean. I will have nothing. This unending descent is the worst case scenario. I don't fear anything more, or see more clearly happening. It's so easy for that to happen. All it takes is for me to keep doing what I'm doing and stay in my rut. My tracks head straight the fuck there.
