I'm having a bad time. Now that the family pillar is ok, I'm more focused than ever on the work pillar. I'm stressing out constantly and hating work so much. I can't get out, so that adds to the stress. I will never find another job again. The job application process is too hard for me to do again. I have no idea how to do it. I'm starting over and haven't gained anything in the last ten years of employment. That's pretty disgusting.

I just feel afraid and unprepared and precarious. Everything is going to fail. Where does this defeatism and insecurity come from?

Stayed home all day to work. I didn't eat lunch until 4:30 because I can't eat when I'm stressed. I can't enjoy taking a break because I suspect something bad is going to happen when I'm away from my desk to deal with it immediately. I also have this stupid meeting tomorrow where I would be put on the spot to know things and I have to perform. It's fucking stage fright like always. I'm hyping it up and making it a bigger deal than it is. I feel behind on things. It takes me forever to write an email articulating myself. I hate when other devs ask me for help and I can't help them because I'm taking so long to write out the email. It doesn't help me to relax and not be delusional.

All I want to do is watch streams again and follow crypto, both of which I've banned to try to take control of my life.

I would rather make myself spend that time watching movies or reading books, and writing, of course.

Starting watching It's Kind of a Funny Story and stopped after five minutes. It's about a suicidal kid and a psychiatric ward and crazy people. Fuck that. Then I started watching the Adjustment Bureau, which I thought would be more sci-fi, but it centers around Matt Damon and a love story and no, not going to watch that. I stopped in the middle and read the synopsis.

How do I change?
