Finished the Outsider, that was dumb.

I really, really don't want to go to work. I made the mistake of checking email.

I'm going to try to enforce my own regiment and schedule, and show up at the office. Being in between and in cafes is really messing me up.

C is still texting me and I'm not feeling what I should if a girl keeps giving me that attention. It's hard for me to care what she's saying.

It's cold. I'll wear a long sleeve to bed for sure.

I want to try not checking my balances for a year. What is that going to be like. Equally pointless I would imagine as checking every month. The revelation will just last a few seconds, and then that's that. I just don't want to check when everything's down. I do want to open up a Fidelity account, which is nice and crypto-friendly, I'm assuming. It's hardly been a week of abstaining from Twitch and crypto and it seems like forever. It's so hard. I want nothing more than to just go back and not feel this emptiness when I run out of Youtube videos to watch. It's a sign of course that I need to do something else. I have the time and my cold-turkey abstinence is shining a harsh light on all the time I had been wasting. It's hard to bear. What do I do with myself?

Some easy answers. Learn Python. Learn what developers actually do. Learn an actual skill. That should solve my employment problems. I know nothing now, and it weighs super heavily on my mind. That's the truth right there.

Keep writing. I wrapped up another short story today. That was the victory. I'll keep trying. I'm going to plan and write something new.
