I'm at the mall, 4 pm on a Saturday, waiting to get hungry to get some noodles. Reading random things on my phone.

Nothing to do. Haven't done anything for months, years actually. Doubt I will do anything any time soon either.

There is someone sitting across from my table. She made eye contact unintentionally for a split second when I looked up. She is on a call or something, talking to someone.

I was reading the financial independence posts, and resetting my perspective a little. 34 is not old. I will absolutely be looking back when I turn 40 and wishing I was at this age then. How could I take advantage of this? I'm grateful now, but still don't know how to profit.

I'd wish I asked people out. C, for one. Maybe B. A. The person sitting across from me. I'm definitely aware of the hole I've been in for the past four years. Self-awareness is nice but still doesn't do anything for me, or improve the situation. I'm still passive and am not doing anything, which is the only, ONLY, way forward.

Maybe by 4:30 I'd be moved to eat something.

The fi post was great because it had a vaguely Asian guy with a white girlfriend. It's bad that that makes me feel better about the world, but it does. I can't shed that bias and inadequancy and reaction. It's super real, which is interesting. I can rely on it. Asian girl with white guy pisses me off. Asian guy with white girl comforts me. Reliable as nothing else is in my life. Those two things are fucking rock solid and as close to universal truths for me. It's so crazy. Can I use that?

Feeling pretty good about family because first aunt is back, dad is relieved that V isn't going on a cruise.

There's a point in the day when I just feel so empty. I used to fill that with Twitch. Now there's nothing and I have withdrawal.

Watched Yesterday. It only had the fantasy going for it, and didn't really end on anything. It just stopped without a conclusion. Glad I watched it though.

C texted me and I texted her back. I don't know what's up. It's just little things. A picture of stuff she bought. Random comments. I would think I have feelings for her when I feel extra insecure, or at some other random time, and at other times, I don't feel anything, and I can't see it working out at all. She doesn't want to see me in person as much I want to see her. She just texts. We're not in sync or compatible.

I'm again waiting to be hungry enough to eat. I have my spaghetti and meatballs and I want to eat it tonight.

Tomorrow the finale of the Outsider. I just want to finish it to wrap that up.

I have a weird lingering taste in my mouth from dinner. Garlic? Something.
