I'm going crazy staying at home. I could go out, but I get nervous and unsure whether somewhere is too crowded. It's also raining this weekend. I feel even more trapped than how trapped I usually feel.

I'm waiting for potential work today. The feeling of being on stand-by is the worst. I would do anything to avoid it. Being on call is fucking mentally draining. It's a subscription, and rent, and everything I hate about lingering, drawn-out, indefinite pain.

I feel bad at work because of J. I hate being co-leads, as that sets it up as a competition, which it shouldn't be but it totally is in my mind. The perfect situation would have been if J didn't get fired and was promoted instead and he and J could duke it out as leads and I wouldn't have to deal with any of these feelings. It would be awesome to spectate the power dynamics. It was a super bad decision on M's part to fire J. It's definitely enough to make me want to quit almost every day now. In that other world, I would have likely stayed forever.

I also hate the level where crypto is. It's not bad enough to be interesting and certainly not good; even worse, the low prices now means it'll stick around these bottom levels for even longer.

Would I sell? It's at the right level of temptation. I mostly don't want to because it's not ATH, and I want some vindication that I had waited so long and didn't sell until a new ATH.

Fantasizing about crypto and money is the only thing I find entertaining right now.

I'm so tempted to read about crypto now. No discipline. It's pointless discipline too, so I don't even get to feel good about depriving myself of crypto news. It makes no difference either way, other than a little masochism. If I look at the price now, just out of boredom, it'll be at some inoperable and irrelevant price like $120 or $80 or some shit like that. I can't do anything with it. The comments will all be the same. I've read them ten times over before. It's always the same thing. So it really ultimately is an unfulfilling thing for me to check prices today. The only thing that would make it worthwhile is if it actually crashed down to $30. That would be crazy. I would scramble to move money around and likely won't get to buy at that price. That defeatism will stay my hand. Plus I still think I'll get fired soon, and counting on not having to make tough decisions for a while on using my emergency fund or not to waste on crypto. Greed will probably take over. That would have the nice effect of making my fantasies even more alluring. And I would get to spin off fresh fantasies with new more favorable numbers to play around with.

What would I do if I see $30 ETH right now.

I actually like having a big cushy pile of cash. So flexible. It's totally worth the opportunity cost.
