I need to lay down ground rules for myself. I'm not happy and not moving forward or progressing in any way. I'm tired of being passive and wasting time.

I can definitely cut out watching streams. That has wasted the most time and I don't get anything out of it except for a longing for friendship and living vicariously. It makes me feel gross after a while, especially when I sit back and think what I've been doing. I don't want this to be my entertainment. I won't even miss it. I feel like I'm unshackling myself even now as I'm writing this. No more Twitch. I'll still watch Youtube videos though, those are fun, and more importantly, aren't hours and hours of watching people performing for a camera.

No more incessantly checking crypto prices or watching charts. Not productive and also waste time and attention. Nothing is going to happen; there's no point in doing it so often. I still very much enjoy checking when I first wake up. I honestly haven't ever had something make me look forward to waking up so consistently than checking prices. It makes me look forward to the future. I will read crypto Twitter and Reddit; that's not going to change. That has actually got me material gains. I can't argue with cold cash.

Youtube stays. Travel vlogs are nice. Make me want to travel, which is a productive and motivating reaction.

I need to stop counting money and staring at the spreadsheet. That's also useless. I'll go back to updating quarterly.

Cutting stuff out is the easy part. I have to actively do things to turn myself around.
