Stayed up late again. It's past 2. I was watching PAX replays on Twitch. Finished Civ. I think I'll start another game! So bad. It felt really rushed at the end, and the game only felt right and satisfying for a few turns when everything was clicking and the pace was good. I should do smaller, longer, harder maps.

Rolling Out. Oatmeal with fruit. Green tea. Wrote in my journal. Then walked in the rain up to West Portal. Starbucks was closed for some reason. I took the train to the mall to wait until the main library opened at noon. I was indeterminately hungry. I ate some bad udon. The train station smelled so bad. I can still smell it. It was good to visit the main branch again. A lot of it was the same; it smelled the same. A very memory-triggering scent. There was still the cafe down in the lower floor. Not the same owners or cafe itself, but there was *a* cafe. I confirmed by walking up all six floors that there were only public bathrooms on the first and lower floors. I wanted a window seat facing City Hall in the gray light, but they were taken and I didn't want to sit facing someone that close together. I sat in the open area and someone sat down right across from me even though the entire table was free. What the hell. I watched Twitch, and managed to write one paragraph. Was really hungry and couldn't decide what to eat. I really do need soylent in my life. I was considering Burger King, or I don't know what, Super Duper, Chiptole. I used Super Duper as the mark and went toward it. I got back to the mall food court and did not want to go back out in the rain with all the food right there. Certainly I could find something. I got a philly cheesestake and it would have been so much better if I didn't get steak and if I didn't get mayo. I fucking hate mayo, but I wanted to keep everything intact to maintain the image of a complete thing. I wanted a complete thing, I was so hungry. I couldn't finish it, but I got hungry again not that much later. I left and waited some time at the West Portal branch until I could get home at an unsuspicous time. I finished the Metreon salad from Thursday just now, even after eating regular dinner.

My days off are so painful and stupid nowadays. I don't know why I do it. I could just tell people I'm taking a day off. But it would require them to understand. And I'm sure as hell don't want to put in the effort to explain myself and make people understand. It's why I would do all this shit and walk in the rain.

I had jamba juice too. Before the bad udon.
