Today was a bad one for some reason, especially at the end of the day, when I was wandering around Stonestown again looking for food.

It's from being bad at meetings. Hating being in Sunnyvale and feeling incompetent and not accomplishing anything. Can't relax because I have to interview people tomorrow and have to sit with other people instead of interviewing by myself like I want so I don't have to work so hard competing to ask questions.

I haven't done anything to improve myself either, like most days. I didn't write anything, just watched streams for succor.

Super passive. I'm so sick of it.

I let myself close my eyes on the bus and nod off. I kept snapping up and probably annoying the person next to me.

Kate stream isn't very satisfying either. I have no succor.

Very dismal dinner at the mall by myself. I don't know why I do these things to myself.

End of tomorrow will be my next river stop. I can take a little respite until Monday happens. Maybe not even by then. The respite will end when I wake up and have to take care of lunch for grandma and be at home the entire day.

Writing is stalling because I don't know where to go at this point. These last chapters have no cohesion and things are just happening. I would need a serious rewrite and I would really rather just write something else at this point. The thing I should do is to think it through. The only thing I'm missing is a good logical throughline. If I have that, I should be able to recover.

It could just because I have been sleep deprived.
