Spent the day with S!

Met for ramen. Katana Ya is now underground. Too salty.

Then, Color Factory. Spent two and a half hours there and took 300 pictures.

The yellow ball pit at the end was the best, saved it for last. My favorite picture in the pink staircase. We got pictures of the neon smiley face reflected in our eyeballs. So good in the cultish light and slack gaze.

Got Share Tea after inside the mall.

I, of course, was exhausted afterward. It went as well as could be expected. I hate how I never feel like myself in front of people. I didn't act like I wanted, even when I was in the middle of doing it. I didn't lean into things I knew about photography. I didn't want to let on that I knew things because it would mean I have to prove that I knew things. I don't want to perform. I have a super self-sabotaging weird definition of perform that prevents me from being better. Of course, I spent most of the time with my mind whirling trying to monitor and study myself, live-criticizing. No wonder I can't interact with people normally.

I donated $500 to St. Jude. Not because of the kids, but because of the streamer and I wanted recognition, which I hate myself for. I wanted to be remembered for big donations, and to leave an impression. I like that hatred for myself. I don't know how to feel, but it's probably a net bad. I despised appeals to emotion and people wanted to get money from me, but I let it happen. I felt it worming its way into me and I let it happen. 

At least there's crypto. That's pure. I should just sell some more crypto to make myself feel better. No. That's the worst thing I could do. I'll just suffer through being $500 poorer.
