I changed the repo name. I wonder if I broke the site.

Nope! Everything is nice and clean now on the master branch.

Good day today. Got lunch for grandma. Wanted to get it from Dumpling Kitchen, but they were on vacation. I wanted a vegetable dish, the green beans especially. I went back to the T28 diner, and was pleased that they also had green beans. I should have gotten the jook, but got bad fried rice instead. Turnip cakes too, which grandma always likes.

I did my curls and some sit ups. The sit ups felt great. I was full of energy and had a really good positional sense and control of my body. I know I can't take that feeling for granted.

I uploaded the receipt for the FSA charge.

I wrote and finished Chapter 11 of the book. Four more to go, oh dang. Almost there.

I watered my plant.

I tried out the linen shirt I bought and it was fine. It was a small and it fit. I should weigh myself and see if I'm really shrinking from the calorie deficiency I think I have.

Soylent came yesterday so my food situation has gotten so much more secure.

I played a good session of Civ. I felt good building and getting things my way. The things that I value, I went after, and got, which I need to translate to the real world because power and freedom over my environment and life are so pleasurable.

I went to Safeway to get out of the house and take a walk. I got hummus to finish off the water crackers. Bag of potatoes to just microwave whenever, and to make them for dad. Blueberries. Fage Total. Rotisserie chicken. Milk.

Cooked the rice. It was good when dad came back. There's the chicken. The green beans for the vegetable dish. Potatoes. Reheated the fried rice, which was still bad.

Played more Civ, then watched Slice of Matt videos. Those are so cozy. Their flat in Paris and the simple daily life style of the channel create a very relaxed and happy atmosphere.

Tomorrow? More Civ probably. Casey video. Kate stream. Try to start Chapter 12.

Oh, I had the worst dream today. Set the alarm for 11, but drifted until noon, and in that space, I dreamt about mom and I was bawling in the dream and I just miss her so much. It was a weird dream too because there was a copy of her, somehow, and everyone understood it as normal, including me. I don't know how to explain it. It was like a sanctioned simulacrum, taking her essense somehow. It was nefarious or anything like that. It felt like it was a practical matter of course that a version of her was there. I don't know.
