Today was a good day. Got out of the house to get the new laptop for the office. I didn't expect anyone to be there. CEO was, cleaning up by himself. I had planned to stay there for a few hours, but guess not. I never have good conversations with normal people I don't know well. Can't do normal small talk. I took some last pictures of the place for nostalgia's sake, and my plant, and left. I didn't know where to go. I was counting on having the office to bring food back to. I ended up on the corner of a brunch place that just happens to have nice outdoor seating. Got lucky, things worked out. I got an omlette and tea and felt pretty good. Got a lotto ticket. Then walked to Japantown just to see and to walk that route again. It's the last time. The mall was open but there was no way I was going to go in. The matcha place was open too. Lyfted back.

I texted S and A about south bay rent. S called me, which was awesome. I love getting calls from girls. She called because she wanted a roommate. The conversation resembled our usual conversation. Talking mostly about her app and not really much of anything else on my side but me complaining about work. Then because I have no original ideas, I called A right after, and talked to her about moving and everything. It was a much, much better conversation. Night and day. We laughed about things and it was so easy and fun to talk to her. Nevertheless, I appreciated both phone calls and they were the highlight of the month, probably, if not more. Real, good, conversations are so important and they never ever fail to make me feel better and happy.

Watched Survivor. Didn't finish yet, it's a long season. C probably spoiled it for me.

The idea of moving out makes me happy, especially with these turns of events, it's closer to being a reality.

Oh yeah, I also texted L and asked if she wanted to meet up in person. She said after corona, so I guess that means I don't know. We can't just text for a year. The next step would be calling her. That makes me nervous.

I also exercised today, so that's another component of why I feel pretty good. Also, nothing happening with family. That's a big part. No development or change or activity with family is good news. I want zero engagement.

The lights are dimming. The UPS is freaking out.

It felt good to use the new laptop, because I could start from a clean machine. Resolution++.

I also won $600 in the lottery! I think that is all my luck.
