V cries on my shoulder during mom's grave visits and I stand awkwardly.

I had a good conversation with her in the Lyft back, and it got the driver to comment. "Did you go to El Camino High?" It flowed very naturally, from her staff meeting she's going to, to her boss's less interesting meetings that recommend books for school grades, to middle school kids wanting to go on the computer and eating chips, to how I liked 7th grade more than 8th grade because 7th was nestled in the middle and away from the edge that 8th grade was, and how V liked 8th grade more because it was on the cusp of high school, to high school, and my bad grades during high school, to Ms. Fuller, which prompted the driver to ask because he also had a teacher called Ms. Fuller at his school.

I didn't know what to do afterward with my day off. I went to Starbucks and had the best time watching Kate's Minecraft stream while I edited. I am at the last chapter. The story has more structure and bones with bits of meat I can hang more flesh on and work with. It's definitely in a better place than before in my mind. Much more cohesive and it has a firmer identity. I'm actually looking forward to massaging it more and developing it. I think the hardest part is over. I may be over the hump.

The best, most memorable part of today was giving E advice about his job. He sent in his resignation letter, and his boss replied, and it was so manipulative and sleazy attempt to get him to stay, calling him unprofessional for quitting. I shook with anger and haste to tell E what I thought and how he shouldn't buy it. Now I have seen evidence and am actively rooting for him to quit based on informed opinion.
