A really random day. Didn't get enough sleep, as I knew I wouldn't, having for some reason drank a lot of caffeine when I knew I needed to sleep early. I totally set myself up for it, the entire weekend. I knew I couldn't make myself get up early to ride the shuttle down. Oh well.

At 7, said I was sick and would work from home. Then went back to sleep. Got out of bed at 10. After working a little, I got time to leave the house. Rolling Out closed at noon on Mondays. I didn't know where to go. I went to El Cafe for the first time. I needed to eat something. I got decaf and a lox bagel. People had already taken up seats along the wall with outlets. There was just the one table in the center. I needed to talk to M, and there was music in the background, so I left to take the call in the park above the library. After that, I went to the actual library. I left soon because of the kids. I could not physically stand them and had to leave. West Portal I guess. I got there and it was already 2 something. I needed to eat something. I still could not solve what I want to eat around that area. I defaulted to Squat and Gobble. I had the soup and a salad, which I needed. It was a pretty bad meal. I went back into West Portal, and did no work. I read the first few chapters of A Memory Called Empire. Meh. I was hungry again, but didn't want to get something. I wanted chips, and remembered a Walgreens farther down the block. Their chip selection was so poor. I got some siracha covered peas. They were pretty bad, but I didn't throw it away. I went into Calibur and got some fries even though I didn't want it. I ate it on the walk back, and listened to Jenna and Julien podcast. Home, then Gold 1 in TFT. Wrote some more. I don't care that I have a lot of work to tie things together at the end. That's for later. Now, it's to actually find out what needs more work. Some chapters I really enjoy; a lot of others, not so much.

I still have the banh mi from Sunday. I have to throw it out, it's too late. I'm too tired to stay up to get hungry enough to eat it.

E is quitting tomorrow.
