Hyped for election results. It's weird. I avoided everything for four years and I don't care at this point. What will the universe do? I like how clear the event is. It's one or the other. It's a purely objective incidence. One way or another, something is going to happen. Reality will happen. No more subjective abstractions. It will be a mark on the timeline of events that happened. Even if Trump wins, it's something clear that I can react to. It's not someone's opinion or some stupid argument they are making that I am reacting to; no, it's cold hard facts that I can honestly and cleanly react to. It's an blunt, concrete object. These are getting far and few in between. It'll also reinforce my cynicism, if he gets re-elected, which I so deeply believe will happen if how I view the universe is accurate, my super low opinion and expectations of Americans, that would be evidence and I can continue to be cynical and solidify my need to look for somewhere else to belong to. I've tried so hard to insulate myself from caring that I can't almost can't feel either way about politics. I don't want to give the media my attention.

Very minimal work today, so feeling good. I just need to finish this preflight and I'm going to walk to Stonestown and see if the matcha booth is open. Says it is. OK. This is going to be a good walk.

So none of that worked. I still feel bad. The punch isn't as hard as 2016, with all the padding I tried to build around myself, but it still sucks. How do I take away the power of these events beyond my control to affect me so strongly like this? It's still 8:11 p.m. and I don't know if Trump won or not, but E's IM semi-spoiled it for me, and I can't even enjoy the full uncertainty of these hours. That sucked the most. I was replying to C's texts and the incoming IM just showed up, the very kind of messages I want to avoid. Media blackout starts again. This time probably for good. I have no hope to enjoy any elections going forward. Abortion's going to be outlawed, at this rate. Immigration stopped. Covid will last two years, likely longer. Recession assured. Stocks and crypto fall, get banned probably. I'll get fired from my job eventually, or more likely, job will lose its contract and every gets laid off. I will be unemployed for at least a year. The next five years will be worse than the previous five. More fights with dad. I will try to write and never manage. Depression will get worse for sure. More health problems. Real ones, not the hypochondriac ones. Some complications with my wisdom teeth. I need to schedule a dentist appointment. I can't afford to not go, even in a pandemic. C will move away, and I won't see her again for years, if ever. I will never visit her wherever she happens to live. I won't buy a car. I will use all of my emergency fund, and will have to sell stocks at the bottom. That is the pinnacle of maximum pain and agony. It's the kind of thing that fits very well in this timeline, so it's going to happen, just like Trump getting re-elected. It's written. Dad will get sick, or injured, or get the cancer diagnosis. Or first aunt will. Grandma will get worse. Every bomb will go off. So many changes will come in the next five years. All bad. It's going to be incredible how bad it gets. I'm just letting all that roll around in my head right now. I'm liking Ishmael the more I listen to it. I can only patch my pain with distractions and avoidance. And meaningless side projects and hobbies that don't mean shit. I'm never going to write. I will try to get motivated, that it's my only hope, and it never, ever makes a difference. I still end up here. I'm tired of it. Acceptance is easy and passive. Just let things go and suffer in peace.
