Woke up early involuntarily, don't think I slept well. Checked NY Times. Still counting. This is still going to drag out. Sucks. The wording of the headline was grim. I analyzed every ouch out of it, and it's obvious the headline writer was clinging onto slim hope. That effort there to bolster the situation was all I needed to know how bad things were. Just get it over with.

Weird kind of day. I'm exhausted already. It's 8:39 p.m. I ate some more Epic meat things, and I'm giving up on them. Their jerky is hella off. I get no satisfaction from any of it. Even gas station Jack Links knows what it is and provides a level of satisfaction Epic can't. More biltong in the future I guess. No more droewors either. Ate way too much of that.

I swear I have colon cancer. Why is my rectum bleeding all the time?

How do I deal with hardship.

I really don't know what to do. I'm not going to go on Twitter for at least like a month. Or any websites for that matter. I want the election results to be old news so mentioning it is dull and won't get as many views or clicks anymore. This sucks. It also means I've lost more distractions. Which is good, I guess. It also means I have to face how empty my life is. I really have nothing going on, and I don't know what to do. There's just writing, which I don't want to do. I can't go out and meet up with people like I really want to and miss. I can't make plans. I can't ask C out for fancy restaurants like I really want to. I can't do road trips to visit people. I can't go camping. Fuck. I want to go on a train. I want to go to a hotel. I want to even fly somewhere. Things are really, actually going to get worse and worse.

I can't look to money or crypto either for relief or fun. Everything is going down, and crypto is going to fucking betray me. I'm going to lose so much money. Years of following along and holding means absolutely nothing. It really is a scam.
