I need a five year plan. I want to retire before 40. I keep feeling I'm close, because of crypto, but that is unrealistic. Sometime in the next five years, I will sell. Maybe not my big batch, but surely, hopefully? my small to buy a car. I need some kind of timeline because I can't sort things out. I used to have my old retirement plan without crypto in the picture, but now that's been thrown off. I'm supposed to reach 900,000 net worth by 2031, when I'm 46. Ten, eleven freaking years ahead of schedule. The old schedule had me retire at 60 with 2.5 million. I don't want to do that at all. This all goes away if crypto crashes below these current levels. My hope is that when it does crash, the run up would be so high that even the bottoms will be above today's prices. I've accepted that I'm a gambler and this is me balls deep into gambling, and I'm fantasizing about my payouts already instead of making a real plan that I could control.

Travel will be in my future. I want to take photos. I can feel my anticipation to get out the door with my camera, walk through a new place and take pictures all day. And eat. Then write about what I saw and felt and post up my favorite shots. That's all I want to do with my life. I would have the creative outlet. I wouldn't feel like I'm just randomly going places passively. I want to capture and describe my travels succinctly. Talk to locals. That feels so meaningful. I don't want to talk to strangers at home, but feel this strong urge to engage with people far away. Something weird's in that. I don't know.

Then do I want a house? I also want to do nothing in a home base. That's luxurious.

Maybe I just need 4 million instead of 5.
