Not sure what to think about the election now. I'm more optimistic, after hearing a little from how others are feeling. Two coworkers say they feel better today than yesterday. V said she thought Biden was going to win. I don't dare to hope.

I liked opening the phone every day to see the headline. It's like, I see that nothing has been decided yet, and I've managed to save myself a whole day of mindless and useless news refreshing, and have the same information that someone who wasted all that time has.

I'm supposed to be on-call tonight, but I care a lot less than the first time, last month. I don't think anything is going to happen and I'll sleep through the night. Whatever goes wrong would be out of left field and not something I could have foreseen. Just watch this blow up in my face.

I can't treat work crises as crises anymore because they just keep coming. There's no winning here. It's one thing after another and it really is pointless to care, or think it's something to overcome. Things you overcome are significant and have a beginning and end. This job is a constant diarrhea. There is no sense of accomplishment afterward. It's on to the next thing. No lessons learned, because whatever you solve from scrambling around will just be repeated again. I'm more awake tonight.

I'm looking forward to going to Clement on Saturday. Have a dentist's appointment, but will get some croissants and see what's happening with Blue Danube, and what's open for food. Great to be away from home for lunch. Taking Monday off, which is also very nice.

Doing the minimal.

It felt so great texting with V. She's visiting for Thanksgiving, but I can't see her. We talked about politics, which was surprisingly clarifying for me. Especially how deeply my cynicism ran. I was able to articulate what I've been feeling and how I made sense of my thoughts. I was truly able to express myself and felt I successfully had what I was thinking come across. It was amazing. I want to do this with writing. It's exactly what I want to do with writing and why I want to write. To be understood.
