Slept in. Woke up and wrote a tiny bit about an expanding sphere. I got in the first couple of paragraphs and that was it. I have to learn how to keep going. It felt nice for those paragraphs though. Took a nice walk. Podcast, got boba. Thought about getting snacks, but didn't want it, at the end. Greased up my chair, but that was not necessary, as the problem was with the loose screw between the back and the seat. I didn't have to deal with cleaning up the oil after. I felt woozy, apparently from squatting and getting up repeatedly; how weak is that. At least that got me to figure out what was causing the annoying creaking. I am so super sensitive to sound. I don't have to worry about shifting my weight around in the chair at night anymore. That's a plus today.

I did check crypto when I saw a general news story about BTC hitting $14,000, and I thought it would be safe, but everything else shit the bed, so my portfolio was down. And BTC didn't even stay above 14k. Everything sucks, and I don't even care that much about BTC. What a bait.

Work still haunts my mind. I don't know why I've been reacting so bad to it now. Was it like this before? I don't think so.

H texted me to wish my happy halloween, which I didn't really know how to respond to except with happy halloween to you too, which sounds strange to me. Like, I don't think of halloween as a wishable holiday. But that's irrelevant. It's nice. Contentless. Not much to that. It's all just context.

Don't know what to do. Restless.

I tried again to plan out a writing process, and that effort made me feel a lot better. I don't feel depressed anymore right now. It gave me a sense of control and a future path. I gained a little motivation. Just that little thing. I feel clear headed, and light. So great. I wonder if eating something helped too. Ate cup noodles and finished off the bottle of chocolate soylent.
