This was the interesting day that shredded my sleep. After a good night's sleep, I review of the next batch of emails already. I hated every part of it. I don't give a shit what people were poking and proding about. I mean, what the fuck are you doing with your lives?

The only thing I needed to test my work was not put into a testable environment until the day right before the launch. I will never understand the scheduling. I took a few hours to lie down. Got up and checked that it did get confirmed, and I was feeling pretty good. I was almost home free. I went back to bed, hoping I would not get a text. I was going to wake up at 11 to check again, but pushed it back, 1 a.m. maybe to get into a check-in meeting? No, screw that, let's ride it out and not do anything until summoned. A little past 2, I jolted awake and automatically read the text. I don't even remember registering that my phone had rang. It was hella reflexive the way I grabbed it. I was summoned. Fuck. I wobbled awake and felt terrible. I had double vision because I think I squish my eyeballs when I sleep on my face. Logging in was hella slow and nothing was loading, and I didn't know what the message was. I saw it, and didn't immediately know what was wrong. That felt the worst. At that moment, anything could have happened. The future in which I couldn't fix the problem was right there, and could sustain its intactness further and further down the timeline if I didn't do something to divert that runaway progression. That was a peak worst moment from work in a long time. The uncertainty and inability to write off the worst case scenario was staring me in the face. I went to the bathroom. Drank some water. Went back to the computer. I went through the usual debugging. Needed more info. Set A and B. Can I reproduce? Etc. Etc. When I got the login and password for the test access, and finally, after refreshing awhile, got the prompt to enter that login, and have the login go through and not shake at wrong credentials, that was the turning point. I was home free. The problem wasn't because of my work, but because of access. I gleefully pounded that explanation into Slack and grabbed the screenshot proving my innocence and success at debugging the problem. That was it. I rode that strand of relief and clear victory through the night. Slept at 7 a.m. Pretty great couple of hours later, got up at 9:45 and went back to work.
