I can't even look at Youtube. Don't want to check crypto prices. I can read crypto news a little I guess. Twitter. I'm involuntarily stressed now. Work, and now dad might have covid. My pessimism puts me into worst case scenario, and I feel as if that scenario were happening, so I end up feeling maximal stress from putting myself in that imagined scenario. It's not really saving me any grief, this pessimism strategy. I suppose I don't feel the pain multiplier that comes from surprising bad things, by pre-emptively scanning all the outcomes already and feeling a bit of each to take some edge off. That implies there's a limited amount of pain, and that I can let out some of the air, but I'm beginning to think that pain is endless, and any contact will just be additive, and I will still feel everything full force in total eventually, no matter how I try to mitigate it. I could control the flux a bit, the rate of pain passing through a cross-section of time. Pessimism broadens the painscape. That's what I think at least. It's not looking as effective of a means to deal with the world as I'm desperately hoping.

Tomorrow being Sunday doesn't help. This next week at work is going to be so bad. I can't deal with worrying about dad at the same time. There will be hospital trips, a lot of them, in my future. Fuck.

The electricity is so bad in this half of the house. I'm glad that the other half seems fine, and I can plug in things over there if I really have to, including the router. I'm still worried about the fiber box though, that's connected to the bad side. I think maybe I can still fix that with an extension cord. I bought a SIM if it really comes down to it, and I can tether for about 10 GB. Perhaps I should have just gotten the unlimited and post pay.

I'm wracked with anxiety and stress and despair. When will it be safe? It'll help if next week's over. That'll lower work stress by a lot. I can then deal with any covid problems with dad. Next week will be fine if there are no random surprises. If things proceed as is, the default will be fine. The stress has pretty much always been how I have to think on my feet and react to unexpected random ass surprises.

Best case scenario. Dad just has a reaction to the flu shot. Finish cropping images Sunday. Build batch 2 x3. PT. Image push. Pass QA. Lock. Send. x3. Review onscreen x3. Hero images cropped fine. Week ends. Don't have to use SIM card.

Finish buying YFI. I'm sick of it. I don't want to buy any more or read about it right now. It's only been bad news this month. I don't know what else to do with my extra money. The brokerage sucks too. It feels hella old and lame. Maybe I should actually buy more BTC. It feels pretty good lately. Defi sucks. ETH still feels good. I should just go with the plan and buy more ETH after the last bit of YFI.

I feel better. Why? I crossed off some things off my to-buy list. Bought some weights so I can finally balance out the dumbbells and use the pair of plates I already have. Cleaning refills for shaver. Floss. I've removed some small tidbit of anxiety from worrying I'll run out of floss. So tying loose ends up made me feel better. This is from assert some small control over my life, which I crave. It comes down to being in control. Will over environment this time. Will over will is the other.
