Looking forward to election night. In the end, I've accepted that it doesn't matter who wins. I have to do this again, and again. I'm not hitching my attention and energy to something endless like that. I'm getting tired just thinking about that. I just want the frenzy to get off the front page so I can read the news. It would be nice if Trump loses and I don't have to hear about him ever again. He's going to win though; I can count on people doing what's easy.

Looking forward to some time in 2022 when people are vaccinated and I could take a train trip again. I'll try to get into the pho place and sit down to eat soon. 25% capacity is 25% safe, I guess. Camping, that'll be 2022. I'll see C again, also likely 2022. It seems at this rate 2021 will be another lost year. Can I really go through everything that's happened this year again? Easily. It's just me sitting here, checking crypto, watching Youtube, trying to do minimal work. Time will fly by. I'll be in my late 30s, and just keep getting older and older. I'll work out. I'll buy stuff from Amazon. Dad will get older and older. Grandma will keep trucking. I'll keep walking aimlessly. I will not buy a car because I won't have money, I'll be poorer next year, and crypto will still be in the shitter and never give me what I want and never make me happy.

I've got to write something. I want something out to come out of this, before the pandemic ends. This stretch of time is currently unmarked.

Looking forward to the next Jabra release. I really like my current ear buds. They bring me a lot of happiness. They will come out next year.
