Ok, back to this. Things I'm going to cold-turkey and not do anymore because I know they're bad for me, wasting my time, preventing me from doing constructive and cumulative things like I need to be doing to be happy.

No more checking crypto prices, subreddits, and Twitter. It had become obsessive and compulsive, to no benefit. I guess I discovered YFI and UNI, but both are down so fuck that. This is the number one thing I need to cut. It really adversely affects my mood, when I wake up, check the price, see that it's down, and then feel disappointed and discourged the rest of the day. It's just a random light that blinks on to feel good and blink off to feel bad. So stupid.

This extends to counting money in general. I should not give in to it. It hasn't made me happier. It has actually just made me impatient and forlorned that I'm not rich yet and won't any time soon. Stick to the quarterly accounting. Or even yearly eventually. I am not missing anything from not updating the spreadsheet every day.

Twitch and Offline TV. Largest time sinks when measured quantitatively. Streams go on for hours. I still don't know why I should care about these people. They're not real. It's not the way to treat loneliness. I'm also not entertained. I watch only for the vicarious interactions and imagining how having a big friend group around feels like again.

Keeping Youtube and Twitter forever. My main source of entertainment. I should just read and watch more movies to get more stories that way. Podcasts, of course, are a keeper.

I feel this weird tension or pressue on the left side of my jaw, especially when I open and close my mouth. It's not pain. I'm freaking out about it though. I also imagine it's my wisdom teeth. I fucking hate having those things hang over me, just waiting to erupt and ruin years of braces and dental work and upkeep. It encapsulates my greatest fear in life and how inevitably every aspect of my life falls under that setup. Lots of effort and a long time invested in something, building it up, then just having some random external thing crash and ruin everything suddenly. It so strongly invalidates and disincentivizes hard gradual work. I'm forever tempted to say fuck it and not continue, knowing how precarious everything is. What's the point of building if it'll crumple anyway. I need immunity and gurantees that don't exist. I don't want to keep a sustained effort. I want to be one and done. This is exhausting.
