Stayed home all day and watched over grandma. First aunt went out with my other aunts. I end up now eating the things I buy at the corner diner out of laziness. I super hate myself for being so lazy. I've been eating like shit lately. I tried to make up for it by making some oatmeal, but it's not the same. I don't feel it like I did in my apartment. It feels more like an attempt than an actual act.

Grandma got dizzy and I spent the whole morning worrying, thinking that she didn't eat enough or something. I had bad wifi in the dining room and watching stream there, while trying to watch grandma, and eating crappy food, was just so bad. Finally two hours later she did eat, and I relaxed a little.

Dad locks the fridge now because she keeps taking out dishes and ingredients early and trying to prepare for dinner when she hasn't been able to cook for years. She keeps trying, and would ruin the groceries. It's such a fucked up bad situation. I have no solution. There is just suffering until death of all involved.

Trader Joe's roasted and salted pumpkin seeds are bad. I think it's the second time I bought them and they are just as bad. I feel scratched up after I eat it. I shouldn't have given it to grandma. I felt super proud of myself for thinking to share with her too, then that turned to ash in my mouth. I don't want to be responsible for giving her something she's allergic to or whatever. I am so familiar with that turn, where I feel like I've done something great, and then it crashes down on me, exacerbated and made so much worse because I felt so great a minute before. If I hadn't felt good about anything, the failure wouldn't have hurt so much. There is really nothing to gain for me to feel good about an endeavour. It's a bad multiplier that only seem to amplify bad results by a much greater power than good events. I have nothing much to gain and everything to lose.

Crypto is down. It's been down for the entire year. That's all that has happened.

Kate's stream was bad too. She just had the party games that I endure until PUBG customs, then she had to end the stream. She will not be coming back tonight or tomorrow. Then Monday's will be short. It's just a matter of time before she quits streaming entirely. I can see this so clearly. My pessimism can, at least. That series of events seems just so probable and easy to happen than any other. The alternate timelines seem to have to fight against that one.

The Macbook can't handle Twitch. It sucks.

What else is bad in my life.

Lifted some weights. That's something. Exercised for three whole minutes out of the week.

I'm just glad first aunt is home so I don't have to watch grandma anymore.

I did finish writing Chapter 11. It's bad though in that I don't know where to go after it. I left out a lot of things that I had initially planned just so I could wrap up the chapter. Now I need to put them back in. Because if I don't, it's going to resemble the first draft where things just happen and I haven't accomplished anything and wasted all this bloodletting over the years of toil. I need an minimal viable product. Where that chapter ends, I left out a bunch of people that maybe I can get back to later, in another part of the story? I don't *need* to bring them back in. It would be easy to though. I am just so resistant to it because it would mean I didn't finish chapter 11 today. That's the stupidest reason to veer off the outline and change things up.

The thought of tomorrow makes me a little happy. An open day and I'm totally going to leave the house and do my wandering. I know I would start hating an hour or so into it, when I wonder where the fuck I'm going and what I'm going to do, but the happiness I'm feeling right now comes from anticipating those first blocks of freedom and possibility. The act of leaving the house and not having to worry about grandma or any of the home stuff is the precious thing.
