Nice cozy foggy drizzly.

I don't remember if I blogged that I went with E to a Korean restaurant I passed by a lot but never realized it was a Korean place. It was not as good as Brothers, but still ok. It is always nice to have dinner with a friend.

Busy at work. I think stress is what's giving me cavities. Dry mouth. That would make sense. I get nervous at the dentist and my mouth gets dry and she would comment, hmm, do you have a dry mouth problem?

I can suss out the main components of my happiness today. I can actually feel their effects, by weight.

Warriors lost, which I feel the greatest immediate decrease in my happiness.

Crypto is down, another nudge downward.

Work was OK, not the best. I didn't do anything great, but I also didn't fuck anything up. I'm only managing a little to stay afloat, and could be doing a lot better. This has a big chunk of weight for obvious reasons, so even little perturbations off normal rock me a lot. The last part of the day, when G sent me that text telling me that they found the problem and it wasn't me lifted the whole work day up to net positive.

Family, no apparent issues, which is all I could ask for in this category. V got a steamer, which is pretty cool. Her being home for dinner is a great plus.

I managed to write a half page or so, so that's always good. Another small step forward.

The base level probably affects me for real. Did I sleep? Did I eat? Did I drink? I slept a lot yesterday and feel a lot better than the day before when I didn't sleep well at all. That was definitely the reason for my crappy Monday. These are the inescapable biological real components I'm a prisoner of. I can look to these three first to explain how I'm doing.

I have eight things on my daily list. Sleep before midnight. Eat vegetables. Drink water. Eat protein. Talk. New thing. Write. Work out twice a week.

That last thing, I should just say lift the dumbbells every day. It's not like it's hard. Just pick them up.
