The waiting for the email test to complete is really messing me up. A lot more than I should let it. It's the constant state of not knowing when I can relax. I'm on constant alert every morning when I open my inbox whether there would be issues there. Then there would be an expectation to take care of it as fast as possible. It's the very thing that I hate most in the world. It's like when mom had cancer, and I'm on a constant state of stress and tension waiting for shit to pop up. I was under that for two years. I can't handle any more of that. The feeling of being on call. That's it. No. I will do everything I can to avoid it. It's the shittiest bullshit. That's my definition of happiness: the absense of being on call. It's helplessness and fear of the unknown and performance anxiety all rolled into one. Holy shit. No wonder I feel so fucking bad.

Walked to Japantown today for lunch. Ate at the ramen place in the wide alley. It was ok. The shishito peppers were great!

Ate out for dinner. Got some salt and sichuan peppered wings at Panko. Plus fish and chips just for a change. I don't really enjoy it. It's kind of ok, but I will never prefer it. Not into fried stuff much now. I ate the innards of the fish, leaving out the breading, at the Ferry Building plaza watching skateboarders. Watched some Penny Arcade board game stream for a change. Kate's stream Zelda again and it's just awful. Can't watch her being bad at puzzles and having weird antagonistic interactions with chat because people come in and help and she hates on them and then she would ask for help later on, and it's a mess. It's going to happen for all her console games later on too. Ugh.

Home. Didn't know what to do. Tried to play Catan and Carcassonne online and forgot all my logins for the browser games. I really miss game nights times like this. Sucks. We had a good thing going. The right thing to do would be to go out and make new friends and create new game nights. Effortful things.

Tomorrow, I'm going to get more bugs and I won't ever close out the testing and it's going to linger and will get worse because I would have to leave the next week. That leaves someone else to fill in for me and my documentation wouldn't be good enough and blow the whole thing up. Super bad strike against the agency. That's the essence of what I saw when I first took on the project. I could see this timeline and progression of disaster so clearly.

Bad things are going to happen in New York. The trip is fraught with risk. I don't trust the tour company at all.
