Going to try to use the PC for all the things I felt comfortable doing on the laptop.

Github integration with Atom! I can now just have Atom open cleanly in its own space. No need to switch to the Github app. I should do this at work too. This feels amazing. So tidy.

I will use my clack keyboard more often too, especially for free flowing blogging.

Another nice convenient thing to have would be a UI for blogging online when I'm not at home, that I can log in to with a connection and just post remotely. Netify maybe. This has come such a long way from FTP html files on some free host.

The primary thing I'm worried about now is V. Her flight's delayed and it'll be a while until they get back. Time enough for my imagination to kick up. I get this totally from grandma.

I'm waiting for Kate's stream. I've been anticipating it all night. It's so bizarre how attracted I am to the stream. It's like appointment television. I'm trying to analyze it at the same time that I'm feeling the pull. I can't explain it. Is it out of loneliness and need to interact, however remotely and tangentially with another human being? I'm not attracted to her enough to explain it. She's fat, so that's an automatic turn off. And it's not the chat, because it's full of sycophants and fawning yes-people desperate to please her. I do like a few of her friends who actually have backbones and not sucking her cock every second. Those interactions are the core of what I crave, to see and hear how people who know each other well behave. I like seeing a familiar cast of characters and follow them day to day.

That's the exact thing I hope to capture and produce for myself with the latest writing project I have.
