Life is weird as fuck sometimes. Dad told me in the morning he couldn't go to New York because his eye has gotten worse and he needed to get it checked. I cancelled the trip too to stay home with him. V's going there to guide our relatives.

I started awake from some vivid dream and couldn't recognize my room for the first few seconds. The window at the foot of my bed seemed like a doorway. It was 5:10 a.m. My body knew I had to wake up soon. I spent that hour under stress and drifting anxiety hating how I had to be somewhere, and how I can't even peacefully wake up ever now. I was bracing for the day, when I had to act and perform and do things. It was a bad time.

I then overheard from the bathroom first aunt and dad talking about his eye, and I wanted to believe that it was grandma's eye and that the eye drops and washes from Walgreens I had so valiantly and felt great about getting had done something. Why do these things happen? Every little thing that I have pride in doing somehow crashes spectacularly. Why can't I have some nugget of effective action? That I made a difference? Even this fucking me staying behind is impotent as hell. Dad went to some clinic or something and said that his eye was fine? I'm all intention here, the only thing I have left. I acted reasonably on the best intention given the available information I had. I am not saying that I wanted something bad to happen to dad's eye that would validate me staying behind and just to make that a good effective action on my part, but come the hell on, it's like all I'm doing is just fucking floundering and pissing around here. I really wonder where dad got his eye checked. He had gone before to some random-ass place in Chinatown that said his eye was fine. Who the hell would give medical advice like that without being a doctor? The fuck.

I'm exhausted. My brain just wants to sleep. I don't know what I'm doing.

I just finished Dance Dance Dance and it's like every time I finish a movie or a book, I'm just exhausted and drained. The book was nice. I liked it. It gave me what I wanted. I felt connected to it, and the people and places got familiar and I wanted to spend more time with everyone. Cozy. I wish I could write with such a touch. I'm neither hungry or full, which I hate feeling. I want some direction from my body, biologically, because it's sure as fuck not giving me any other mental hints at what I should do next with my life.

I identified a lot with the main character from the book. He was just kind of floating around without a daily routine. I liked the story giving space to that kind of lifestyle. I wanted to see what it looked like on display. There's a comfort there.

Maybe I'm not cut out to write fantasy. Or write anything, period. I can't evoke the feelings and emotions that I want.

I want a chicken pot pie.
