Oh shit, D is dating L. My first reaction was jealousy of course. L is hella hot. It does reframe things for me a little. Things like that can just happen like that. It may seem out of nowhere to me, but that doesn't mean anything. I don't have to give much credence to my own pessimistic and dismal outlook as anything but mental obstacles. There's hope. Everything is possible.

Avengers was ok. It does not provoke a lot of emotions from me.

We went to eat at Super Duper. I got a ShareTea. I was jealous of H being more engaged with D in conversation. And, of course, the proud thing I did at work, thinking it was a good step for me to assert myself, I didn't think enough about how other people would take it. Buh. There is no safe complete victory for me, however small.

Open night. I don't know what to do. Crypto is up at least. Warriors just lost, so that's affecting me. Kate didn't really stream, but went on air today. I guess I'll watch the VOD and that'll be the evening. I'll try to keep writing. I'm at a dangerous point where I'm losing faith and focus. I just want to be done with it. It would be the same mistake I made for the first draft, where I just wanted to get it over with, and it left me a pile of crap to fix for the next five years. I need to just have it make sense. Put in just enough to make it make sense, even if it means all the agony and I'd only produce one sentence, that I might later delete again.

I should text S. I could ask her out and see what happens. I'm feeling this way because of D and L of course. This will keep on happening if I don't do anything about the course of my life. This is as good of an opening as I am going to get. I'm attracted to her physically. She has invited me to stuff, so she at least likes me enough to hang around. She's invited me over to her apartment; that's a pretty good sign. We've known each other for a while, acquaintances. She is single. What am I waiting for.

The obvious next step for me is to ask her to watch Avengers. I also need to get pictures from her too from last time.

The cool thing is, nothing bad could happen. Just like when I asked E out, and she said no, I am so glad I asked. I can't lose. If she says no, that she's not ready to date again, and she's busy with her work, and I get rejected, which is the very likeliest outcome, I am super prepared for that already. Even if it gets awkward, we can retreat back to work acquaintances who never see each other months or years on end. That's already the status quo. If we just never see each other after that, well, that's too bad. It's not too far of a fall. I'm used to losing touch with people. Nothing compares to me coming up with the courage to ask a girl out. Those moments are fortifying and awesome each time in retrospect. It's regret-proof, which is amazing. I should ask girls out more often.

Just do it. Make things happen.
