I don't know how I feel about blogging in the morning. I'm craving self-introspection and analysis, and those are the two things I can very much do with less. I need to write, not blog. It's soothing though.

Starbucks. 10 a.m. I definitely prefer this to the local neighborhood cafe with a proprietor who recognizes me. None of that, thanks. This is strange because this was where I got sick a few days ago, yet I'm back again. Hmm. It would be so hilarious if I did get sick again.

I spaced out time better. I think food was the key. Oatmeal with dried fruit and nuts. I spent more effort writing, which felt amazing. I changed up the chapter that had been bothering me, and took the time to do it. This will serve as a good reminder for me later that taking my time actually works.

I looked up the menu for Squat and Gobble and picked something out before hand this time. The omlette was great, and filling, and chock full of substance. I replaced the potatoes with the soup. All good. It gives me the nice rounded meal I tried to get all the times before.

Went over to the library and got books like I wanted. More success. Stayed until they closed. Read Vanity Fair for the royal wedding articles. Then crypto. Then I sat there listening to the rest of the Tested podcast to rest my eyes. I stared across the long reading room. The only faltering part of the day was here, when I needed to last until after 6 before going home.

Really good stream today. Friday night customs. Interactions++. It made me want to spend more money; it was compelling like that. I didn't, because someone else gave a lot and I half didn't want to steal their thunder and half it would have diluted mine. The way she sets up that situation where people want to give her money is very effective. I could feel it, and apparently a lot of people did too. I think she knows what she's doing and is going to hone in on it. Drop a few key words like "keep a roof over my head" and money just rains down on you. It's impressive to see in action.

It's just 10:37. V's coming back tomorrow, so that's good. End to her suffering.

Tomorrow, I will do some curls. That's the extent of my plans.
