Watching Amazing Race. My attention is fixated on the mixed race team because it has an Asian guy and a white girl. I feel gross for how much of a hang-up I have about race. I really want to see how that's perceived and how their relationship is. It's of most interest to me because I'm really attracted to white women and I want to see more examples of that pairing. I super hate the reverse of that, white guy with Asian girl, which is much more common. I can't help it.

Once again, it's another mental block I've put on myself when I forecast and evaluate my future. It's getting really tiresome. I'm only doing this to myself, and has so little to do with reality. And even if all my fears were realistic, I should not let that keep me from doing what I want.

It was windy, but I made it a point to hike Lands End. I got slightly sidetracked by the low tide and the small cave opening hole thing on the side of one of the ocean rock mounds. Took pictures with the Pixel and they looked pretty good. I might never need to really bring my Fuji.

Did Lands End. I always feel really good on the big stairs.

Found a small pho place with porridge! That was nice and unexpected. Too bad they put cilantro in it. Otherwise, ok. I'll be back there for sure. It was very low key and I didn't feel anxious about it.

I was going to go to Danube maybe, and decided against it. I wanted to get back on the south side of the park. Took the 29. Stopped at Parkside to read a magazine and got some Murakami books, to find the comfort I remember I felt when reading him. I want to reread Wind Up Bird. That nugget of reassurance was the main character being unemployed and loafing around. It's a harmless, non-threatening situation that attracts me.

It's annoying as fuck watching the Kate stream where she's trying to figure out puzzles. She's bad, and then chat tries to help and she's telling everyone not to help, and then she does ask for help, and the whole thing hurts me. I watch her for her PUBG kills and wins, and her banter with her friends. I've come to avoid her community day Jack Box games, and try to catch her custom games when she's playing duos or squads. Those are still entertaining even if they don't win. Solos are only good if she's doing well.

I wait for disaster.

Crypto is doing badly again. I'll stop checking so often. Warriors did win, so it's kind of balancing things out. They will not win the championship this year. Two rings is probably all.
