Not sick anymore. I was afraid I would still be when I woke up in the middle of the night feeling bad with a headache. But then I woke up for real in the morning and everything felt fine. The blankets were smooth and warm. No discomforts. My body felt ready to be active. It was good. Feeling seriously is first.

Going to eat Korean with E later for dinner. Feeling great about that. I put on jeans to leave the house in the morning, but thought better of it and decided to stay in and rest instead until dinner. That's the right decison I think. Shouldn't push it so early. It felt bad to do nothing earlier, but now it feels fine. Cleared my pinboard of burdens o' the mind. Dad's jury summons was excused. I've filled out the ballot. I didn't choose any names because I don't give a fuck. I just voted on measures and propositions. That's how everything should be, a direct vote on the laws.

Warriors lost. Figures.

I feel like this week went as expected. It went the way of the least resistance. I did things as low-level as possible. I didn't go back to work and I didn't stay home. Me getting sick made things easier in that I got to sleep in and didn't have to find a place to be outside.

Bought another lotto ticket yesterday, or the day before yesterday. The last one before that I bought at the end of February, so that's a pretty good stretch. I'll hang on to this one until at least the next accounting.

Finished up Chapter 11 today, for good? I started reusing a lot from the free draft. I don't care anymore. I think things flowed logically at this point in the free draft. At this part, anyway. The next chapter is going to need a lot more work.

Watched the Matrix again. Still great! I noticed a lot more of the belief stuff. And how the rhetoric of the crew can apply to any crazy terrorist group. It's hard to deal with someone who's convinced everyone is just an unwitting pawn in a reality that doesn't exist and it's them against the world. It's also crazy for Neo to go along with this bunch of crazy people he just met who are telling him these things and introducing him to this cult leader, who gives him drugs to take and attaches electrodes and shit to his body. That really struck me how naive and stupid Neo is. He's a prime candidate to join ISIS or an apocalyse cult. The narrative flow of the movie is so great. The beats are all there. Mysterious first scene that asks a lot of questions, showing off strange but cool people and things happening. Then presenting the main character, who has the same sort of questions like everyone else has of not fitting in and trying to figure out what's wrong or missing. Then answer the main question presented in the hook, and introduce this whole new world of cool stuff. Training montage that treats the main character like the audience, who wants to learn all about this new world, so exposition is very much welcome. And so on.

Tomorrow, I'll find a book to read. More stories plz.
