I'm having trouble remembering how this day started. I'm writing this from the hotel in Chicago already.

It was awkward being the J at work knowing that he got fired, but not knowing how that happened. Why is he still working there if he got fired? I don't know how he'll react to things. I also don't like M hanging around with nothing to do because he doesn't have logins. I *despise* babysitting.

I wasn't happy because of the stress of having to show up for V's wedding and doing the social performance. It's stage fright and social anxiety and social obligation and having to be somewhere and to a lesser extent having to make the effort and put in the money and time. I just need to endure half the day, rouse the energy and dig up the reserves to be around people, then I can block off the next day for pure alone time with no immediate stress. It's just one fucking day. I should plan vacations better.

I was the last one out of the office again, I think. I locked up. Lonely. Time was ticking now. I should never plan a flight after work. It's a really bad schedule. I didn't pack yet and I couldn't ease into the time off. Instead, I'm hurrying home to eat and the night is ruined. I reasoned before that it's better than lingering the next day and have it bleed into an afternoon flight. But that's a better option, anything is, as it turns out, to this, as I would later find out.

I got some Melt with meat this time. It was gross. Making gourmet nostalgic American home food is annoying. Mac and cheese. Grilled cheese sandwiches. It's a fucking fetish.

Did I also get boba? I don't remember. My memory is getting worse and worse. Or my life right now is not worth remembering at all.

I stressed and packed. Dread thick. I thought about changing my flight, even if I had to pay a fee. It didn't work. I would also never buy Basic Economy every again. As I also later find out.

I hate putting aside so much time for air travel. I want to adjust and force myself not to stress about being late for flights, to not be as stressed about it, so I can trim down the super conservative lead time I pad in front of my flights. The plane leaves at 12:30. I planned to leave the house at 9 p.m. but left at 8:45 p.m. because I was afraid I would be late. That's almost 4 fucking hours I'm ceding to the airline. I need to fucking stop that.

I took a lyft to the airport. Got there at like 9:15. I checked in in the midst of the horrible United mass of human counter area. I will never fly United if I can help it. The whole experience felt like shit. I got through security and it was before 10. So I have over two and a half hours of waiting around. This is not worth the tiny anxiety of maybe being late. Not fucking at all. I can cut that down by an hour and still be safe. Ugh.

The flight was the worst flight I've ever taken. I was hella sleepy. I was in the middle seat, cramped as hell, can't use the carry on overhead so my bloated backpack was stuffed under my feet, taking up what little leg room there was. The seat was straight backed, no incline at all. I was hot, then cold. I just wanted it to be over. 4 hours. Landed at 7 a.m.
