That's over. Ah.

I wasn't dressed as great as I could have. It wasn't terrible and I stressed too much about it. It was fine.

There was a moment of awkwardness when I walked into the club house because no one greeted me. Everyone was just sitting there. It ended when V's sister talked to me, and kept talking to me. I was trapped for like fifteen minutes. Then everyone else came by and I could stop worrying about the first part. I was in and engaged. V's sister seemed exactly what I expected her to be. The sandwich they had there was good. Spicy and flavorful. We stayed there until 5 p.m.

We left to go to a hotel room. Then I called an Uber XL. The app wouldn't let me add a new card. I fumbled with it, feeling the pressure, then restarted the app, and it finally worked. Stupid app. I double-checked the address. It would be something that would go wrong. It was the right one. No problems.

The restaurant was nice. One long table. Stringed lights. It was fine being there because I had people I knew to talk to, and I wasn't alone and felt like I needed to attach to someone. I talked to a random person successfully. Then I talked a lot with H. She was the main person I talked with.

When I would start to drift or feel anxious, I would remind myself that this would only last a few more hours. I didn't have to do anything but keep going. That was it. Nothing was going to hurt me. And relief was waiting for me soon. That made everything better and I re-engaged into the conversation. This opportunity does not come by often and I need to make the most of it.

I liked talking to P a lot. I've always liked her.

People left and it was just a couple of people at the end of the night. I really liked that feeling of being there then.

I took a Lyft home at 10 p.m. and it felt as great as I imagined. Relief and a whole day ahead of me of doing nothing. So good.

I came back and showered and ate hummus. Watched stream. I ordered breakfast for tomorrow.
