I stayed at the airport from 7 a.m. until 11 a.m. Another four hours of my life I thoroughly wasted. I hate the food in Chicago. They don't know what salads are. I randomly bought food and roamed around like a zombie. I called the hotel and they likely can't check me in early until noon. I tired to sleep on a bench, but it was awkward and uncomfortable and I felt hella exposed. I got a portobello mushroom sandwich, which sucked. Sun-dried tomatoes suck. The vegetable soup didn't have much going on. I was not having a good time at all.

Finally it was time to go. I took a $50 taxi to the hotel. My first lucky break: they checked me in. It was 11 something. 3 extra hours of hotel time!

I got into the room, stripped, tossed aside my clothes, masturbated, then just closed the curtains and slept. Someone knocked on the door at 2 saying "Engineering"? or something. I opened the door and called out, but they didn't hear or whatever and left. I went back to bed and woke up at 6:30.

I also never want to sleep with the curtains completely closed off. Not knowing what time it is when I wake up is too disconcerting and I don't want to feel that again.

I went to Whole Foods to buy the card and food. I don't want to go into a restaurant to deal with people. My primal instinct is to get food anonymously and scurry back to my room to eat. I revel in grocery shopping. I got random as hell food, too expensive. I didn't care. $30. Guacamole. Hummus. Chocolate with bacon in it. Sweet potato chips. Bananas. Blueberries. Blueberry 4% yogurt. Chicken chips. Chicken noodle soup. Chia drink. I realized I forgot the card and rather than going back into the store, I dropped off the groceries back at my room so I didn't have to explain I paid for them already. It's terrible how fucking avoidant and slinking I am.

I spent the rest of the night watching streams and eating the food.

Warriors lost, fuck them.

I bought V an Etsy gift certificate, and wrote in her card. She messaged me to thank me, which was great. If I just become a non-entity tomorrow, at least I did this thing for her to show I cared. And just showing up should keep me in the positive. It's flimsy but whatever. At least I tried the way I know how.

H messaged me and I asked her where she was and she was eating at some BBQ place. I hoped she wouldn't ask me to meet up. I sure as hell wasn't going to leave the room.

I just want tomorrow to be over with. I just want to come back to my room, to leave that dinner and come out into the night air, get into the lyft. It's so close.

It's 1 already. I don't want the morning to come.
