Offsite was ok. Talked to B, which was the only thing I really cared about.

J picked me up at 11. He got lemon squares at House of Silvanas, which was halfway to G's house. We were one of the first to get there. G's mother opened the door. She lives with him. Interesting. J rode with K, so he was there already. G has a real Star Wars collection. I did the minimal and cut some onions for K, then I didn't do anything else after that. I wandered around and went to and fro, half-interacting with people, and making minimal small talk without exerting effort. I didn't feel any nice moment like other times. It was just flat.

B talked with me about Downtown Abbey. And with mountain lions around, should hide the babies. She said that with a baby near by lol. That was the highlight of my conversations.

Then I faded. Nothing happened after that. Things just ended. I liked warming my hands with people at the outdoor crystal fireplace.

I had to go because J was leaving. I would have stayed longer for sure.

It was still early. I asked J to drop me off at Stonestown. I didn't want to go home yet for sure. I got tofu stew from the bad Korean place in the food court. And matcha. The matcha is now my favorite thing at Stonestown. I watched the TFT Twitch tournament. Totally fixated on it. My earbuds ran out of power and I bought a new pair just to finish. It was supposed to last me on my walk back home but it started beeping annoyingly, so I stopped using it. I threw it away when I got home. It might have also made me really itchy.

Watched streams when I got back.

B texted me, which was great. I didn't have the best reply though.
