Things worked out today too. No problems with the second project. That's two out of three. I asked E to drive me down for tomorrow's late night launch, which is good. I also avoided having to have dinner with M, which I felt anxious about, just spending that much time together outside of work and having to make conversation. It would have been interesting, but not enough to make me want to do it. It would have been cool if it were B or A or A, but I still don't know M well enough. Breaking news that I prefer to spend time with people I know better.

This project has diminished in my eyes. It's too big and impersonal and I don't feel invested in it. I also lost a lot of the fear from last year, knowing what it's going to be like. If something goes wrong, all I can do is investigate the limited set of things I actually worked on, and explain what I can.

This will be the finale of the setup. Things went too well for the first two hurdles, and it's this third one where everything crashes around me. The easy road only makes it hurt so much more when I fall on my face.

That's the pattern of my thoughts when I assess any situation. It's locked into that structure of doubt, forced pessimism to reduce potential pain, and relentless suppression of hope.

Went out to lunch with A and A, and it was really good. I love being included. I feel inadequate as usual. I want to repay them for their kindness, but I don't know how. I also didn't act like myself. I am too afraid to do that around people in general. So that kind of acting normal takes a lot out of me. I watch everything I do and say and constantly assess.

I felt bad that I suggested lunch with B, but then accepted A's invitation without thinking, and felt bad when B was excited to go to lunch and had to say no. Bleh. I think that'll be the last time I see her for a while, and it's the last interaction. Sucks bad.

But what if...I asked E to drive me down earlier and pick her up and get dinner together? E can drive back up with her. I need to make that happen.
