I feel like, withdrawal when I don't have a Kate stream to watch. It's bad. I think it's the severance of continuity that messes me up. I stopped bingeing on The Walking Dead so I'm doubly looking for lineage. I'm feeling pretty awful and depressed. There doesn't seem to be anything I can rely on. Everything is spotty and at risk. My job, my family, my friends; I don't feel safe and I have no security. That's greatly adding to my distress and I feel like I'm going to fall off at any minute.

Whoa, I might not even last the year at work. I feel no sense of job security at all. It sounds super possible now that we won't get a contract for next year. I would not be surprised at the slightest if they tell us we're all fired in some big meeting. Well this is it. I will spend the holidays and the next year looking for a job. I won't be able to afford to pay the property tax. I will have to lean on V to do that. I don't know about the mortgage. This is going to suck. I'm pre-feeling all the anxiety and stress. I don't know what to do. Crypto will not save me. Would I sell my taxable when this happens? I would and should? Cancel gym membership immediately. No more soylent. I would crash dad's car on my way to interviews. No insurance, oh shit. I have to figure that out. I would get unemployment benefits though, so that's a plus in all this. Unless I screw up the paperwork somehow. Fuck. I'll apply for whatever I can from the gov site. I'll try for anything.

Is playing out the worst case scenarios the only way I can cope with living?
