I try to feel normal by doing what normal people do. It doesn't fucking work. Unless normal people feel like crap. I need to just do what I want and know makes me feel good. It should be that simple. Hella hard in context.

Hate this hot late summer weather. Come on fall.

I *need* to not check crypto. The only thing and benefit it has to offer me now that would feel good and worthwhile would be seeing what happens after a month of not checking. A week is not enough time for any significant movement. Ideally, it would be multiple-month gaps between each check. Price could still be around the same after a month. That would be utterly boring as fuck and the main risk here. The absolute worst case scenario would be if I still see 200-300/ ETH or 3000-4000/ BTC on 9/30. Anything in that range is plain shit. The entire month--the past couple of months--would have been pointless retroactively. It's that retroactive action is that sinister. 400/ ETH would be nice if were on a plateau and not a spike and hung around that for a few days. 5000/ BTC would just be cool. That is my main motivation for avoiding checking prices. It's right in the boring ass zone now and I don't want any more of this daily disappointment toast. My guess is that'll probably be in that lame zone and I have to wait until year-end to be out of it. Weak.

Work is boring. Nothing's happening.

Called claims. I'm not going to worry about the car getting ticketed or towed. Whatever. If it does, then it does. I'm probably going to be out $1000 for all this. It's going to get towed. I have to go get it, pay for the ticket, the tow, and the yard fee. Chances are, the claim would still not be done yet and I have to tow it back to the street and suffer through this limbo again. It would hilarious if the same shitty ass neighbor reported me again a second time and I have to do this again. All the while waiting for the insurance company. They would find nothing from the person and I don't get any money out of it. I cared too much about what dad would think because him not caring about the car getting a street cleaning ticket lessened my concern. I was ultimately stressed from the situation and from his reaction. I hate my lack of self strength and soft core. I lack conviction and sense of self respect.

Everything I do I can look from above abstractly and judge really harshly. I watched more Kate streams because she hasn't streamed for a while and it felt good. Goes back to my first paragraph.
