It's hard for me to not look. Five more days until end of the quarter accounting. It's all I'm thinking about for some happiness.

I need to make another doctor's appointment. Mission Bay this time. I'm going to change my doctor. I want to see if I can tell them about depression medication.

So those two things, crypto and meds, I'm banking on for happiness when I should focus on the things that are socially agreed upon for happiness: relationships. That's all there is. It's always fucking relationships that will save the day. Love and people and relationships and social support. Bleh. Why can't I just get to the happiness without all that shit, just bypass and gimmie.

I'm worried about the new project at work, which will expose how crappy I am at my job. That is the top material concern. Then I'm worried about the wedding, where I will be left adrift with people I don't know for hours and hours. I'm worried about picking up the work by my coworker who will be out for a week and I'll get stuck having to rush the work because the deadline is right there and no one seems to be in hurry. So they're taking their sweet time and will offload that crap to me. I'm worried about planning for New Zealand because that'll be a lot of work and I won't breathe easy until I fly back and be able to look back fondly at the memories because I won't be able to enjoy it while it's happening. This trip is also not something I planned and I'm once again tagging along and I fucking hate it. I still want to recreate my Oregon trip, the best moments of tranquility of my life that I could remember. It wasn't that great, really, but that supreme morning is a top memory. Favorite travel moments are still with people, like with V in Korea at the night market. I'm worried about filling my timesheet again this week because there is no work. I think that's pretty much all I'm worried about. I have no acute problems ever since mom died and I didn't have to worry about her anymore. I'm worried that dad will run into problems when he goes back to China to do surgery on his nose? I would have no idea how to help if something bad happens.

It helps a lot to list out all my worries. I feel better, even if I haven't done anything to solve those problems. It's perspective again.

Heard bitcoin reached 4k again. So super curious what's happening with ether. I don't know what this deprivation is doing for me. If I see 500 ether on Sunday, that'll be all worth it. But that's probably the only scenario that would do it. Likely, eth is in the 200s. 300s would be fine, I guess. Boring, but OK. Still higher than in end of Q2, which is enough to make me feel pretty good. 400-500 ATH would be great. 500s, I'll be much pleased. So $200 ETH it is! If it's in the 100s, then it starts wrapping around to more interesting territory. I'll be tempted to buy.

I'm not worried about seeing E for the eye exam. That'll be whatever, not scary, I'm not in danger, I don't have to do anything, nothing is at risk. I'll get new glasses, which would be cool. I'll get two pairs for sure.
