Day six. Activities were mediocre. The thermal pits smelled and looked like shit. It was good posing for pictures though. Dim sum was good. Zorb was not worth getting wet for and sloping around in gross water. It lasted only 30 seconds, so totally not worth the price either. It was a unique experience being inside. A nice dose of losing all control. I wish I had loosen up more and stopped trying to keep level. I'm not going to do anything with being half-wet ever again. That shit sucks. I'm either going swimming or staying fucking dry. Maori cultural thing was a waste of time. The food is not great. The whole set up makes me feel uncomfortable. I hated the small talk with people forced to eat together at the tables. If I mature enough, that kind of thing would probably stop bothering me, but at this point, I fucking hate it. The lady I talked to was nice and courteous, following up on things, while I just kind of stumble along. It was interesting to hear her say she was afraid of being in the US. I completely understand and could see, more and more, that the US is totally not for me. It's hella aggro. I don't align with its values or its people. I couldn't wait for today to end so I could sleep. First raw impression. It'll change over time undoubtedly, and I'll appreciate it more. Whatever.

Over 9000?! lol.

ETH is staying up too, which is nice.

OH yeah, I got earplugs sneakily without K knowing. I got my cake and didn't have to deal with the social exchange about his snoring either. Go me! The second best thing that happened today after crypto.
