Halfway through the flight to NZ. Loving it. It's 6 something already; I slept significant hours! Somehow. I feel pretty great. I just peed. I'm eating vitamin C fruit chews. Earphones within Bose headphones. Got water from the flight attendant just as I needed it. Amazing. I watched (adj) Life of Walter Smitty and I liked it. I love, love eating airplane meals. I've got lotion and feeling moisturized. Chapstick and lubricated nostrils. I've got I Follow Rivers on and it's a blast. Queuing up Make Me Feel Better next. I've got an empty seat next to me and I've reaaranged my backpack up from the floor. Every inch of leg (feet) room is so vital. My shoes tucked under and back from me from where it was before. My environment is sorted nicely at the moment, time and space.

I forgot so many things! I didn't even think about them. My prescription swimming goggles. The U neck pillow, so I bought one from the airport. My belt that I left on my old jeans. My pen that I left in my old jeans. Ear plugs.

Sent E an eth.

I don't think I really needed Artemis.

What am I going to do now? Heroes! I wrote a little instead.

You can solve jet lag by going west continuously. You get the benefit of the time different going west that forces you to wake up earlier and your body adjusts better. Than steadily make your way to another location a bunch of hours west of you and repeat until you get home and feel great.

I see the acme sneaking back as soon as I stop using the wash. Glad I brought it.
