Warriors lost as my pessimism expected. Are the wins worth the losses? The problem is me, but it's still a problem. How can I enjoy basketball if I can't handle losses? The only way I know how to not get hurt is to not care.

Kate is not streaming today so I'm not compelled to write. I don't have to feel bad about it like I want to.

What should I do? I can read Oathbringer.

I need to think about the trip and getting ready but I'm so over making a fuss about traveling. I overprepared for all the previous times and things have always worked out. I can relax. If I forget something then I forget something. I can easily imagine what the trip will be like even without going anywhere. The city will be the same as any city I've been in. The hotel the same. I'll walk around and find food, try out casual restaurants. Get room service. Masturbate a lot. It'll be great. It'll be the same. I'm really looking forward to wandering aimlessly in the city. I know how I will feel. Then K will show up and it'll be time to be exhausted. No idea what we'll do Friday. We'll have our laptops set up and looking around for things to do. I wouldn't care, but play along and just find something to fill up the time. Friday would suck, I already know. Saturday will be better because of the driving. Driving on the left will be different. I wouldn't be surprised if we crash. I can imagine how I would feel too. We'll probably be late to the cave thing. It'll be so easy to get lost. We might end up on a later session, or not make it entirely. Maybe reschedule for the worse time on the way back to Auckland. We'll be driving in the dark, super tired, hungry, toward Rotorua. Guaranteed. The crash might happen then. So we make it to the hotel there. That'll be a good moment I'm looking forward to. I'll eat some snacks and relax and fall asleep. That's Saturday. Sunday will be random tourist things and going around. It'll blow by in a blur. I'll feel sunburnt. Monday would be nice. More driving. Flight to Queenstown. Busy work. Tuesday main highlight. Bungy. I would remember this the most from the trip and bring it up in conversations. Wednesday Thursday Friday would be nature and nice scenic drives. Saturday will be great because of the long flight. Done and done. I might as well have gone on the trip already, right.

Went out to talk to V. Good decision and a plus for the day.
