ETH is down and so am I. Lights are flickering at home for some reason. I have nothing to do at all. I browse Reddit and waste time. I'm on complete autopilot; I haven't made an effort to do anything.

Biz guy got fired at work today. It's reminder how tenuous everything is. Jobs should be honest and treat the relationship like what it actually is, instead of trying to sugarcoat it as something else. The performative aspects just add to the anguish.

I am destined for ruin. Dad is probably going to die first, because it would be the biggest blow to my life. Me and V will have to take care of mom and grandma on our own. I don't have a clue if my aunts will take care of grandma. I would hope so but I won't count on it. I will lose my job, of course, in the nick of time to multiply the catastrophe. V would keep hers forever, so I'm not worried about that at all. Grandma would die next, so mom will lose her insurance. I'm not even sure if she still has the government insurance. Medical bills will pile up. We will have to sell both houses and still be in debt. Mom would reject treatment, but she will be so sick we have to bring her to the hospital regardless and she'll linger there, and the bills will reach hundreds of thousand, if not millions, anyway. There will be a scene where she insists and yells to die already to remove the burden from us. This is for maximum pain in my life. She will die. I will fuck up the funeral somehow. That will be all of it. I think that'll be my lowest point. There will be no more horrors to visit upon me. Where would that leave me and V? We won't be able to afford to live in SF and have to move. She may move in with her friends if she wants to stay in SF. I don't know. V can die too, somehow, or get raped. That will be the real bottom. Homelessness. There, that will be the bottom. It will all come down to that. It seems so inevitable and natural for me to end up there.

The more likely scenario would be mom dying first. So dad will still take care of grandma. I will still live at home. V too. That will last for a while. Grandma will die next. Then what? Will I keep living in this house? Then dad will die. Will I be free then? Is that what I'm fucking looking forward to? I'll be 54. Am I fucking free then? I would have lost my job decades ago. I don't know what I would be doing. Random temp jobs await me after I get fired. Low web jobs in marketing that will remind me of my inadequacies daily. I would have lost all my savings too, by this point. Long lost. My savings would only last like 5 years. I could get welfare?

These scenarios will manifest themselves because they are what I'm focusing on. The more I think about them, the truer they become. Let the fear in. Ahh.
