Finally ordered and got the spicy noodles I wanted. Not from Spice Kitchen but from Spicy King. It was too glutinous. I won't get it again. I texted C a picture of it, so it had a good use.

I don't feel connected to people through texts.

I checked crypto yesterday when E mentioned ETH had gone up. It did for him but not for me. I don't have a streak to maintain now, I suppose, so no reliance there. The spirit of quitting cold turkey is to not spend time thinking about it, which I can still effectively do. ETH can never get to $1500. It's so interesting to think about, whatever happens. Either outcome. My best guess is that if it doesn't pass $1500 the next month, it won't for the next year. I think it'll break $1500 in February though. And then $2000 will fall this year, and $4000... That looks pretty rough. I won't get my car this year. I probably will give in early if it hits $3000 this summer, when I get my vaccine, and the offices reopen again. The pieces will be there for me to move. And at that point, no way would I hold off for $4000. If it's $3000 before then though, I'll keep waiting. The pessimistic and familiar view is that $2000 is the best I can hope for, and I'll get a little bit of change for a down payment on a Civic or something, come summer. Realism is sad.

The order of events will be this: vaccines for the general public will be available faster than I expect. It'll be faster because I want it to delay so I can put off going into action. So naturally, the universe will make the vaccine available next month. I'll be forced to endure dad's nagging about dating. That's the universe's priority. Once that happens, crypto will still be useless, so no car or anything. I'll start spending more money and going to the mall again and eating out a lot. I can plan camping trips, which would be cool. So I guess that's not too bad in exchange for dad nagging me to date. It'll at least be back to normal like before, but he'll be a lot more desperate and we'll get into a fight again, guaranteed. I can't control my emotions or know how to temper them; I know how to suppress until it's too late and everything blows up. So that's in my future.

The office will re-open. At this point, I'll need to bring up moving. Of course I doubt work will require that I work onsite, after so many people have moved remote. I'll use that as an excuse though. I need to move out. The finances will be weird. V will help with half the mortgage. It means I will lose all my buffer allowance every month, and no cash savings. I'll have to be OK with that. Again, not counting crypto at all because it's not going to save me at this crucial point, which would happen in a more fortunate life. I'm ungrateful. So, especially with the fucking car payment as well. Oh fuck. Moving out without a crypto windfall here looks more and more impossible. I'll have to be stuck with dad nagging me to date indefinitely.

So that's pretty much it. My life will improve in that I'll be vaccinated and could go to the mall. I'll ask the girl dad got me the number for out and nothing will come from it, and that'll give him free license to keep up the pressure. I'll lose the pandemic excuse that had kept him at bay mostly. So my life will degrade--continue to degrade--and resume the same miserable decline it's been on for the past five years. I really had peaked in my mid-twenties. That's crazy.

I can get a car if I don't move out. I'll keep paying the car payments I guess. I do need a car, no matter what happens this year. It'll be sort of nice to get a car I won't care about. But I've done that before, and I need to start caring more.

A snapshot of my life then, in six months. I'll be making car payments on a Civic, still living at home, working at home, and going to malls again to escape home life. I would text her again, but she'll probably not reply at this point, since it's been like a year or something. If she does, and wants to meet, that'll be cool.

All in all, it could be a lot worse. Those are all the things I could foresee happening, if nothing super good or super bad happens to me. That's my trajectory.

A lot of bad things could happen. First aunt gets sick. Grandma gets sick. Something happens to dad, or V. I lose my job. I get into a car accident. Kill someone. Get sued. Get seriously injured with medical bills. Earthquake, houses fall down. Burned. I get cancer. Everyone gets cancer. V loses her job. Cousin gets arrested again.

Are those the only bad things? That's a compact set, actually.

My happy path is this: ETH hits $4000. I get vaccinated. I buy a Tesla. I move to an apartment. I ask girls out and drive around. ETH hits $10,000. I quit work. I buy a house somewhere. I travel.

That's everything I want.
