Day 12. Vacation coming to an end and there is always this constant: I hate work and don't want to do it. I'm doing everything I can to make it stop. Which includes working, which is the insidious part. It would be easier if I didn't have social problems and interacting with people, and if I weren't so introverted, which makes those interactions take so much energy. If only my internal inclinations were aligned with the world and society's external inclinations. There will always be this conflict and friction and struggle I want to escape from.

Someone is going to call me about work these last parts of vacation too. I will bet.

It's raining nicely. I'm drinking matcha. I'm avoiding crypto today. That'll feel good. I like depriving myself in this way. I slept better last night too, knowing that I'm not going to let myself check the price and jolt myself awake. It was amazing seeing how high my balance rose. It was insane. It's the same feeling for sure as 2017, when I couldn't breathe looking at the continuous surges, blowing past price levels at an increasing rate. And the anxiety there is always for the inevitable drop off the cliff, 90% deep and three years wide. This is the game I suppose.

I do like planning for the exit.

I learned something new! To select based on a gradient--if I wanted to smoothly lighten a part of a picture, for instance--first duplicate the layer, then add a layer mask to that layer, aka adjustment layer. Set the blend mode to overlay (or dodge, or whatever adjustment you need), so the adjustments are affecting the base layer. Then use the blend tool to set a gradient on this layer, to indicate what the selection area looks like. I'm using a mishmash of all these terms, but the gist is to better control the selection area of your adjustments that don't depend on manually painting in the area of effect with a brush. The tools that manipulate the content pixels can also manipulate selection pixels.

It's stopped raining, which sucks.
