Ate breakfast in the dining car. It wasn't as bad as I thought, of course. The conversation was not smooth, by any means, but it was something. Parent and kid, Mike and Ben. I didn't put down a tip and I put down my hotel number 602 instead of 6, omg. Oh, I also didn't ask what he did for a living. Totally cocked that up. But oh well, whatever. Put me in jail.

I had the worst morning, mentally. All night I had been decrying how horrible my life is and how I didn't want to go back to my life and work and deal with family and had to navigate the breakfast thing and my perceived problems with the attendant. It was exhausting going through each despair scenario. That bled over to the morning, and I was struggling to change clothes and brush my teeth and rushing to get in for breakfast for the last call.

The turning point that gave things a positive slope, well less negative slope, was me talking about writing when asked what I do for fun, and having the kid said he liked adventure stories too. That made all the difference. Without that, it would have just been some banal conversation made to get through breakfast. The kid injected the genuine, objective reactions to the exchange. What he said was true. There's no guile. I suppose that's one of the delights of having children. They still have a strong connection to the objective, which adults have mostly lost.

I'm in a little meadow for the time being. I don't know what the next one will be. Getting back tonight, at my desk, going through photos, I think. Then sleeping in for Friday. Saturday will be the party, so no relaxed meadow for me. Sunday will be bad. Nothing I know about, but it's a perpetual dish for flies. Monday will suck having to go back to work. So next Friday night will be when I would have crossed most of the short term rivers and arrive at a local lull and respite.

The bed-making thing worked out. I spent so much time worrying about how I would get the timing right. The attendant had to bring in fresh sheets and make the bed for me, so I had to be out of my room for that to happen. I couldn't just stand there waiting for him. So the idea was he would do it while people are eating breakfast. There are no guarantees in any of that. That was the entire reason I was eating at the dining car. I could super easily imagine myself going through all that just to come back to a still unmade bed. I would not be surprised if a failure like that happened. It seemed almost like a given that all the turmoil I put myself through to avoid an awkward social situation would come to nil. I thought that was going to happen this morning when I saw that the attendant was also eating breakfast at the same time I was. Fuck. But soon he left and I was still eating, so my hopes were high that things would work out. And they did. I came back to a clean and serviced seat. That whole drama is now over, good riddance.

I'm getting sleepy again. One great plus from eating breakfast in the dining car was I found out what happened last night during the medical emergency. One of the waiters--Mike and Ben's, most coincidentally--had a seizure.

I woke up a lot during the night. I was too hot then too cold and I kept fiddling with the controls. The air was super dry and I feared for my nostrils. I got the second blanket down. I was awake for the longest episode at 3:46 a.m. It's when I stressed out about my trip ending and having to face reality again.

I'm going to get back at midnight or something.

Didn't. Got back into the city at 6:30. Didn't want to go back home for dinner so got some juice, then thai.

The attendant went around during the last ten minutes before the final stop to collect "pillow slips."

I hate the end of things. The end of the train journey felt awful. Combined with the sunset, it was unbearable. There's also a sense of danger to the end of things for some reason, in addition to the dread of facing my real life.
