I can feel time winding down. Only a few more days here.

Today, I ate oatmeal, some goldfish, and guacamole with salsa and chips. Coffee. That's it so far. I didn't go out today at all; it happened. I was reading about crime rates and I got convinced that stepping outside is a death sentence.

I woke up at 1:14 p.m. and felt bad about it. I'm going to sleep early tonight and force myself to wake up at 10. It's going to happen. I have to wake up at 6 a.m. on Wednesday to catch my train. That's a full 8 hours swing from 2 p.m. to 6 a.m. omg. Today was the most unmemorable day as it could get.

I can change that.

I'll eat the ramen. Have a peanut butter sandwich. The clam chowder. Leave the potato I guess. I really need to get out tomorrow, if just for practical food reasons. I haven't really touched the cuties at all. They are too hard to peel and I will end up just throwing them away. I'm looking forward to trying out the chicken broth.

The trip is going to end in a whimper. I won't even make it to Shake Shack.

I want to finish off the Civ game. It's just a chore now.

I should read more. Watch another movie. The movie thing will at least be one memory tack I can pin to my brain.

I checked crypto again. It's down another $50 lol. This is fun at least.

Read more. Watched more streams. Didn't play Civ, so that's good. I want to eat something else before bed though. Potato? Ramen? Broth?

I can't watch a movie because it's almost midnight already. I *need* to wake up early tomorrow. I could just keep on reading for a while. I could sip broth.
