Trains are the best. Sleeper cars are the best. I covet privacy and having my own space so much, it's ridiculous. Just having a door and curtains has elevated the experience to a sublime level for me. There's enough space here to fold down the seats for a bed. Sleeping flat while moving is so great! "Room" service is also great! I don't have to eat in the dining car. Fuck that sharing a table communal dining shit. So much autonomy. The bathroom's just down the hall. I don't have to go through anybody to get what I want. I can just ring the assigned sleeper car attendant and have him do stuff for me. Posh.

Took a Lyft to the temporary transbay terminal. Got there about an hour early. The desk person there was really efficient. He told me everything I needed to know in as concise terms as possible. He printed me a paper ticket as well since I only had an email. He said I could take the bus leaving in a few minutes instead of waiting for my scheduled bus. So helpful and considerate. He also mentioned that means of course I would have a long layover while waiting for my train. So also thorough. Getting on the bus, then getting on the train later was so easy. I didn't have to check in. The train came, someone announced it over the PA, I got out to the platform, the conductor (?) told us where the sleeper cars and the coach seats were. I walked up to the attendant by the train section number on my ticket. He directed me to the my seat. I sat down. The conductor came around later and scanned my ticket. I appreciate a nice smooth process so much.

I'm in the middle of Nevada right now.

I read a little. I don't know what I'll do for the rest of the night. I could play Heroes I guess. Write? Probably not. Too bad there's no wifi. Though there's nothing much on the internet I want to see anyway. Streams and YouTube are my scant interests now.

I ordered steak and seafood cake with rice pilaf and a chocolate raspberry tart. Food yes.

I was taking a nap, and there were noises from people outside, and I felt so amazing knowing I don't have to deal with them. I can ignore the fuck out of them. I don't know why that kind of thing elates me so much. I derive real pleasure from having immunity to things.

It's completely dark outside my window. I should draw the shades?

To let someone pass in the narrow hallway, I stepped into someone's cabin thinking it was just an empty bathroom. I turned back and saw someone in there already (their room had a built-in bathroom). Hella mortified. I apologized. She said it was ok. I ran away.

Most of the people here are old white people with folksy mannerisms. I don't belong. Then I sort of thought about it and it doesn't matter if I don't belong because I can absolutely, utterly reject them. They and the whole gauze of belongingness wrapped around them can stay on the other side of my curtain. I don't have to give society a single fuck.

It's how I feel.

I do want to get some breakfast in the dining car tomorrow. I wonder if I would go through with it. I romanticize it, so probably no.

Oh, I could have loaded some movies. Oh well.

I could sort of see the desert outside.

I really wonder then. What am I going to do for the next ten days?
