I feel weird without a hoodie. Even inside at home, I am much more comfortable wearing it. Setting the temperature to be slightly cool with a hoodie on feels much better than a t-shirt with normal heat.

I tried eating a kiwi with the skin on and it was fine. A lot easier than peeling. I probably won't do it all the time because the hair is a lot of surface area for dirt and crap.

I took these notes when I woke up today:

Super great sheets. The extra sheet beneath the comforter makes a lot of difference. Fell asleep the night before pretty easily.

Breakfast also great. Eggs were really good. Glad I woke up for it. i Atmosphere cozy, didn't feel anxious to be eating by myself. Others were doing it. There are also non white people so that felt comfortable.

After that, I went out. First, the ATM for cash. Then, Walgreens for more Aveeno, tried out Bert's Bees chapstick with cucumber (the original is still better), lens cleaner (the store brand kind of sucks; it smudges), ice pack to cool down my laptop so it keep playing Civ. I got some freezer bags and put some ice in while I waited for the ice pack to get cold, and I didn't really see any performance increase like I saw with my old Dell in college. Perhaps heat is not the issue; the Mac just can't handle it. I'll see how hot things get with a temperature monitoring app.

I felt super self-conscious today, walking around in a new city. I don't belong here. I don't really belong anywhere, but this is literal. It's natural, I suppose. I still don't like it. It's not foreign enough like I'm in another country and can feel like I'm supposed to feel super out of whack. This is a very unremarkable and familiar American city. It's the norm of modern civilization. You have all the chain stores, and people act the same and it's the default. That's the problem that I have. I'm ill at ease with the norm. I feel apart from it. I don't know where I can feel at home, actually. San Francisco is breaking down for me. It will be a memory. I need to make my own home.

I bought some salad at Mad Greens, which was really good. I'll buy more for sure. It's nice to have a dependable place for salads to counteract the shit I'm going to keep eating because I'm out of routine and can excuse transgression.

I went back to my room and played more Civ until I got hungry again. I'm truly following and not resisting my biological urges. Eat and sleep. Masturbate freely whenever. I had a choice. Pho or the supermarket. I needed groceries for the feeling of food security I also desperately crave. But pho. I'll go there after. I ended up going to the supermarket first. It was a supermarket and nothing remarkable. The walk there was when I most keenly felt out of place and out of sorts and kind of bleak. The blocks feel too long. Denver is like a cold slab of mountain rock. My eyes are hella red. My nose is all dried out, despite the lotion I rub in there. My hands and face and lips feel dry and chapped, also despite the continuous lotion smathering. The sun sets at 4 here, omg. That definitely added to the displacement I feel. All of this I brought on to myself, to be clear. I *wanted* to get put in another place other than home. It's just sad there's no meadow anywhere, or a good place to rest where I can feel right. I haven't felt that since I lost my first apartment. That was a good place, my fondest place.

I didn't go to pho. It was an easy eventuality, if I think about it. I brought the groceries in, it was getting dark and I was feel bleak, I had food, so no more going outside. Obviously. I ate a peanut butter and banana sandwich. I peeled off the second piece of bread cause it was too much bread. I can't eat a lot of bread now at all. Then a microwaved potato. So good, I missed it. Also ate a small clementine/mandarin/cutie/halo.

Then I took a nap, which I later jolted awake from because I heard a knocking and I couldn't tell if it was on my door or a door nearby. I rushed over to the peephole, but didn't see anyone. I went back to bed, heart racing. Then I heard the knock again, and I felt it was more my neighbor, but I rushed back to the door and, again, saw no one. I just got up after that. I read some more Killing Commendatore. It's good. I'm getting into the story more. It's so nice how Murakami slides in little mysteries to keep me interested, amidst a pillowy, unhurried pace of mundane everyday life and internal monologue.

Now, I want to eat the instant ramen I bought. More Civ? Streams?

I don't know if I'm hungry or not.

Watching streams right now feels really good. Grounding.
