Woke up in time for breakfast. I considered not forcing myself do anything counter to my base directives but had to pee and brush my teeth. And eating some oatmeal was important to me. Accomplishment of the day.

I then went back to bed afterward. Woke up because of the need to pee more than anything again. Ate the yogurt I saved from breakfast. Read a little. Blogging now. Waiting for lunch. Getting into the Rockies now (?). There's snow beside the road now. I'm making myself get out of my room to the observation car to take at least one picture of the full windows in the mountain pass. Did it.

The arrival time coincided with dinner and it was a near thing. I wolfed down my salmon and got ready to get off. That was stressful. My body was on alert and I felt vulnerable. It was weird. My brain wholly manufactured that dire situation out of nothing. I needed to give my attendent his tip. That automatically became a mission with a fail state. It's so stupid.

I checked crypto because I saw a Twitter mentioning how things are still falling. Meh.

I walked to my hotel. It's a suite! Kitchen and everything. Great. This is exactly what I need for the next 9 days. I'm so excited to play house again and try to relive my apartment independence at least for a little while.

This is as perfect of a coping situation I could place myself in with my current situation. I am making the best out of things as I could. I could do more, of course. Like actually moving out. I'll just take this for now. It's easier. Things are hard.

Slacked K a picture of the Rockies like I said I would.

Ate Chipotle. Downloaded and played Civ. My laptop could manage it! Everything low though and it heats up. Slept at 2?
