Woke up past noon, 12:40, felt bad, but then went into the super great morning ritual I had when I was living alone. Nothing hurried. I don't have to attend to anyone. I made oatmeal. Because I was in a hotel, I made coffee. Then I put on my Saturday morning playlist, which needs to be in this situation to be effective. The songs don't feel the same otherwise. Avaris & Level 99 - Quickening (Faraway Promise). Mono - Sabbath. Heroes of Might and Magic II - Knight. Odesza - Kusanagi (LTR Remix). I feel so, so relaxed.

I don't care what I do today. More Civ. Reading Killing Commendatore. Netflix. Streams. Eating soup and ramen. Masturbating. It's all good. The things I should be doing will not feel as good as the things in that list. It's short term and indulgent that's the point. Happiness comes in different flavors.

Will I go outside today? Probably. I want that salad. And more bananas. Burger Shack tomorrow. I love how it's just Friday.

Eyes hella dry.

Changed Atom to light. I don't want to be part of dark themed editors, or to participate in tech signaling.

Went out and got salad and bananas. And a whole lot of dip from Target. I couldn't help myself.

There was a cute girl working at the salad place. I wish I could make better small talk.

Out of nowhere! I despise the immigrant child life. I don't wish this on anybody. It makes me resentful and feeds my already anti-social outlook on life and families and human society. I have so much baggage and mental trauma. It's my go-to when I blame my circumstances.

I'll write again, later, I'm sure. I just have to be more realistic about. If I didn't need a mental life line, I wouldn't keep turning to writing. I wouldn't need to feel fulfilled if I had money. Then it doesn't matter if I just mope around. I would have no more fear, and don't need saving. Writing is in my life as a convenient, emergency handle I can grab on to and fantasize about when I feel like shit about my future and life in general. The most value it has given me is hope. I can sit and think about writing all day long without writing anything. That escapist exercise right there is all I really need. I have no delusions, or at least I'm aware of my delusions and can play with that. I probably won't ever finish writing a single thing. I honestly can't see that happening in my future. I don't have the will or the discipline or the need. Like right now, if left to my own devices, with all the free time in the world, in the perfect setting, I'm not going to write. I would rather do nothing and just sit in and bathe luxury and bliss of being alone and the cessation of human interaction and social obligations.

I don't believe I will believe in any of this at another time. I'm hella random and noncommital. No principles and I don't stand for anything.

More Civ!
