Played Civ until 6 a.m. Buh. Woke up at 11:30 a.m. I pretty feel ok sleepwise, considering. I'll make it a point to sleep before midnight tonight and see if it's possible. No napping. Then the aspirational things hit. Like, I'll go on the threadmill. And write. And make friends with strangers. And go to a bar and talk to and meet people. Find a restaurant or activity recommendation that's I could only do in Denver and do it. See, all those things I could be doing that sound good. I have no interest at all. So there's that logical problem. I'm obviously prefering doing nothing versus all those objectively better things. What basis am I using to decide what to do? Why is that--my--decision making process so fucked up?

Here's what I'm really going to do today. I'll go outside purely so the cleaning people could take out my trash. I'll get some eye drops from Walgreens because I'm self-conscious about my still red eyes. I'm already super self-conscious and don't want to appear even more out of place and stand out. I need to get a brillo pad. I don't want to depend on the dishwasher, which very tangentially ties back to me not wanting things hanging around undone. I want a dish to be washed immediately and be available for use, not be in that middle state where it's just passively sending out obligation waves that weigh on my mind. I don't want to think about things I need to upkeep in the background. A clear slate. I'm going to buy a cheap mouse if I could, so I could play Civ with it propped up on ice. I'm still not sure if the ice does anything. The game still runs very poorly. Perhaps it'll be even worse without the ice. But either way, it's easier to play Civ with a mouse than the trackpad. Then I'll buy another salad from the salad place to take back to counter act the ramen and frozen dinner craps I'm eating. I'll do that after pho. I'll do everything after pho. I'll eat, buy a take out rice dish as well, go to Walgreens, then the salad place. The take-out is for later tonight when I'm sure I'll be hungry. Then I'll play Civ until probably morning again.

Tomorrow will be another day!

The water temperature problem solved itself. Another win for passivity and doing nothing about a problem and just waiting for it to fix itself.

Didn't get the salad. The pho was good though. The walk around the eastern side of town was also good. I felt nice and relaxed. I got some bbq pork with rice to go, and that wasn't very good. Spring rolls weren't either. Eh. Went to Target instead of Walgreens. I shouldn't have bought the brillo pads. I'm just going to use the dishwasher. I convinced myself to get them off of abstraction instead of the practical reality of the situation. Maybe I will turn back toward the ideal, and use the brillo pads, but I just wasted $5.

Restarted Netflix again because of a Verge article. I got another month free for some reason! Perfect timing. I started watch the Ballad of Buster Scruggs. I didn't know it was a collection of vignettes. Kind of works, but it seems like slacking. Not a full movie effort. Perfect as a side project for Netflix I guess.

I feel so great right now. It's exactly what I wanted out of this trip. I'm doing what I want and there's so much time ahead of me to keep doing what I want. YES.

Streams and Civ.
