Got up at 5:45 a.m. out of an abundance of caution. Checked the train status; it was an hour and a half late. I super took my time. Finally went down to get the hotel breakfast again. I was really looking forward to the scrambled eggs, but it wasn't as great this time for some reason. Went back up to the room, got tired of waiting and just checked out. Got some snacks at Walgreens. Walked to the station and waited for an hour before the train arrived.

I don't like the attendant this time. The previous attendant was so much friendlier. This one is kind of terse, doesn't smile, and makes me feel bad for asking him to do things, like order my food to eat in my room. That is the best part of the train ride! So he's kind of diminished that. There's nothing objective about this though. He's gotten me the food and is pretty responsive. He took the intiative to ask me if I wanted dessert. I'm still going to tip him, of course. Just, eh.

Once I got on, I wanted to nap, I was so sleepy. I didn't care about the view outside. Then after a while, I looked out and the Rockies were again so stunning. All traces of sleep gone, I took a lot of pictures. I took them with my actual camera; I had used my phone for the most part. I still often go wide-eyed at the pictures that come out of the Fuji, and the phone will not supplant it. The convenience is nice, and the quality is good, but phone pictures don't make me care enough. I like the sense of ownership with my camera, and the tacile feel.

Food's here! Same as last time. Tasteless steak and weird crab cake.

Something happened in the diner car. A medical emergency. The train stopped and waited about half an hour for an ambulance to get here. The EMTs are onboard.

It's so bad of me. I masturbated while the train was stopped for the medical emergency. So fucked up but lol? It's amazing how little regard I have. Train moving again.

What am I going to do now? I could technically play Civ. Or watch Survivor. No, not Survivor. I'm going to wait until all the episodes are out first, over Christmas. Read? Yeah, I can read some more. There is no cell reception. What I want to do is watch Youtube.

Oh yeah, I can spend this time writing.

There was someone outside in the snow, in the dark, with a flashlight looking for something.
