Friday! Starbucks again. Stream again. Hiding out to avoid family dinner. I don't want to eat with drugee cousin. Not out of active hate or any strong feelings; it's just one of those things where I would always choose to do anything other than that. Trying to blog through the site without a mobile view. This is super annoying. I haven't figured out a good way to do this. Responsive, then increase font size.

Work was nice and uneventful. I got to do nothing. Next week will be bad. I have to commute down and interact with people.

What's my meadow now? Definitely when I manage to get on the bus to the train. I can immediately stop thinking about my petty current problems and face forward to just ten days of *exception*.

I don't think I will ever not feel like donating to Twitch streamers. It's an illness. I'll have them in my will omg. The need for social attention is so strong. I want to donate so other streamers will talk about my donation. It's exactly what that sounds like. I crave.

I have two things I can act on to change the way my life is going right now. Ask A (S?) out. (Ask *some*one out.) Talk to dad about moving into the basement. I'm never going to be able to move out, with the mortgage and rents now. The best I can hope for.

No idea what I'm going to do tomorrow. Buy plane tickets. Write for sure. Walk around aimlessly. I should go back to Lands End. Soylent coming. Why am I writing that down. 

I feel about 80%. Whenever I start to eat, I feel slightly sick. Then I feel fine. I'm having a lot of trouble sleeping. I thought it was from oversleeping, but the insomnia still happened a normal day after. See what happens tonight.


