Played Civ until 4. I played just using the flat icon mode, so everything ran super smooth. That destressed some part of me. I don't think I even need to mess with ice packs.

I set the alarm for 10:30 so I won't feel so bad about sleeping through the day. Got a text from V a little later that grandma was in the hospital. She passed out and fell in the bathroom. She is at UCSF now and doing tests and scans.

V doesn't think it's super serious and dad said I don't have to go back. That weighed on my mind. I wasn't worried about grandma. She'll live past 100, I don't have a doubt. But I didn't want to regret not going back if something were to happen. These are trash days anyway. Completely disposable. I can fly back in a jiffy. I don't care at all about the money I've already spent. My biggest fear is to let dad or the family down somehow by not being there in a time of crisis. I checked my messages from last year when grandma also fainted and went to the hospital. V was in Portland for the eclipse. I wanted to see how she responded and I would respond accordingly. I count on her to be the moral compass because she is a better person.

Oatmeal with bananas and a cup of coffee. Blogging. I really enjoy this routine.

Today? Shake Shack perhaps. It's the only thing. I really have nothing I want to do. A movie, to fix the day into memory better. These last couple of days have been loose and have just blurred together. Should exercise more. I can take a long walk. Walk until it gets dark. Take more pictures of houses.

I looked out the window and saw how nice it was. Cold and damp. So fresh. I let my urges lead me and went out. I had no destination at all, not even food-wise. Vague sense that if I ended up near Shack Shack I would get some, but it's not a priority at all. I picked a direction I hadn't gone before and started walking. I would turn when I felt like it. I ended up at the stream I saw earlier this week when I went to the supermarket. I was going to cross it, then saw the bike path and went to investigate. Saw a no pedstrian sign and gave up immediately on the idea. Then I looked back and was like, no, I'm going to go that way. It turns out there was another path that was pedestrian only. So that makes sense. I followed the riverwalk for a while. I was glad I did decide to choose this path instead of the other one. The other one might have been good as well, but that doesn't change anything. I liked the sequence of events, so super mecurial and non-allegiant, so ready to go either way in a twist of the breeze. I felt pretty good.

The stream led me back to the train station. I went into Whole Foods to use their bathroom. I got some broth, chia kombucha, and a purple sweet potato. Walked back along the 16th Street Mall to the ramen/boba place I bookmarked and got takeout. It looked pretty flimsy inside. Definitely a takeout kind of place. I got back and watched some wine and sake documentaries on Netflix. I couldn't get past the wine one. The people there, and the way they speak about wine, and the whole attitude and tone reinforce my distain for wine culture. The sake one was tender.
