Slept at around 3 a.m. Woke up at 11 a.m. Nice solid sleep. As long as I don't wake up past noon, I don't feel bad. I was trying to remember the past few days and it's so bad how bad my memory is. Why can't I remember anything. What did I do the first night? When did I sleep? Why does it matter that I remember when I sleep? Knowing that gives the day a good frame. It's more annoying that I don't know, so that end of the day flapping around indistinct and unattached.

I don't want to go outside today because it's Thanksgiving and I don't want human interaction to remind me of that I'm supposed to be around people. This would also mean no housekeeping.

What I'm going to do is go out and walk. Ask for housekeeping on my way out. Then get take out for something.

I watched a little TV and football and the parade at first and everything about it was horrible. I turned it off after a few minutes. I fucking hate parades.

Walking doesn't seem bad at all. It's nice and also doesn't involve interaction but it's also more socially acceptable to tell people about it instead of saying I stayed in the hotel all day. I could say I walked around the city and that's perfectly fine. It's fucking annoying I worry about these things. Putting up appearances. I still do prefer walking around the city to just staying inside, by a little. But the fact that it's like an alibi I can tell people, it's a practical benefit, and makes me do it.

I want more bananas. I can eat them with oatmeal and with my peanut butter sandwiches. Versatile. I'd much rather eat it than the cuties I bought. Those things are so hard to peel. I haven't had the super easy to peel ones for years. I wonder what happened to them.

I like blogging in the morning. I can just linger and keep writing, stream-of-consciousness-like.

I'm going to walk straight to Shake Shack and see if it's open without calling.

It was closed, of course. Calling didn't help. But I guess no one would expect them to be open. It was a long walk.

I'm now eating Walgreens sushi with a fork because I forgot to get chopsticks.

There was no one out at 2 in the afternoon on Thanksgiving omg. What the fuck was I doing out there. Everything is closed. Only homeless people were out. And other people who don't have a place. Placeless people! Like me. They were all kind of just standing around. No traffic, no pedestrians. The route I took to Shake Shack went through warehouses and like construction material stores. Sometimes the sidewalk just kind of crumbled into parking lots. Lots of murals. Lots of bars.

This Walgreens sushi is pretty terrible. The rice, especially.

Finished Buster Scruggs. It was ok. Nice to look at. Played Civ until 5 a.m. I was super deep into it because I had waged war. After hours of building and science, and not getting anywhere, I attacked. Destruction and taking feel so good. Will this feel the same in real life? No correlation I think.

So that was Thanksgiving.
