I've run through a gamut of feelings about the election. Foremost, betrayal by the polls, by the New York Times, by Five Thirty Eight, by PEC, by all these supposed stalwarts of fact and data that I trusted to tell me the truth about the world. The loss wouldn't have been as bad if I saw this coming, and hadn't been misled and promised to, if I hadn't believed in the fucking polls that turned out to be less than worthless.

I took the Warriors' loss pretty bad, and that was a stupid game.

I'm as cynical and pessimistic as I've ever been. I've lost all faith in the US, its people, the government, democracy, the office of the president, the media, polls, just everything. If Trump could become president, then what the hell good is it? I'm taking this way harder than I expected. I couldn't sleep last night, kept waking up in fits of panic. I don't know how long it'll take me to mellow out. It's definitely transformational. A big turn for the worst for me I'm sure. I'm going to turn inward more, because outward is so much pain and disappointment.

My day-to-day will be the same\--even that I'm not completely sure about\--but I shouldn't have to retreat all to way down to that level to find comfort. My ideological mental day-to-day is just as if not more important! I need to feel like I can aspire to something, to believe in an overall good, in progress. All this now is fuck ass backwards.

I don't care about Trump. It's his supporters, now emboldened and smug and validated up to their eyeballs that piss me off the most.

My cynicism will be long. It's not wait and endure for four years. No. There would be no difference between now and then. Or four years after that. It's pointless. Even if another Obama gets elected, another Trump will dismantle everything right after. No more politics for me. I am getting off this shitwagon.

Just found this by complete accident: [johnaugust.com/2016/this-feeling-will-end](http://johnaugust.com/2016/this-feeling-will-end). It helped.
