Walked hella lot. I didn't have my phone and wandered not knowing the time or place. I made it to the whale exhibit surprisingly. I looked it up later and had cut across without knowing. I would have liked to see the lighthouse and edge of the coast, but oh well.

Slept badly as predicted after my 12 hour nap the night before. I did get some REM for a couple of hours. Some vivid frantic dreams.

I couldn't find the hot dog stand but did find a ramen shop. The owner said it was the only ramen restaurant in the country, which I believe. The noodles themselves weren't as firm as I would like, and, like the pho, contributed to the limp and bred-out feeling I get from Asian food here. Still pretty good and appreciated though.

Spent whole bunch of time trying to figure out what to buy people for souvenirs. I hate this part. I should not do it in the future and end all expectation that I would buy anything. But I can't escape it. Spent a shit ton too. I think I'm past $1000 beyond airfare and housing omg. My efund is gone. I should just call that my spending fund.

Got more groceries, meaning more oatmeal. And a bunch of bananas. Crave produce now. I shouldn't eat any more meat out here.

Went up the big church. Really liked how the pictures turned out.

Then back to the hotel, rain, fatigue, and went to bed as soon as I got in, not caring anymore about adjusting my sleeping schedule. I'll deal with waking up without enough sleep than trying to delay sleep.

Will get up early tomorrow and have breakfast. Plan to walk again on the eastern side of the city and finish shopping. Or I could not!
