Slept on the floor and woke up hella late at almost 3. I lose.

Changed room, so that felt good.

Walked to the city; it's pretty much set in my mind the kind of mood it'll occupy in my brain. Dark gray, slightly wet, moist if you will, cold enough for hats, tiny streets, and the friendly indifference I mentioned before.

I wanted vegetables. I went into the pho place I saw before. Pho in Iceland! $18 bowl of pho lol. Salad. It was tame, inoffensive, and kind of you know domesticated. OK enough.

The server was chatting with a bunch of Americans. There is a way that she said shit and fuck and talked about her twenties at the moment that reinforces the lowkey feel of Iceland to me. Generalizing. Even the rebellious youth has this familiar non-threat quality to them.

Went to a supermarket, finally connected in my mind that the weird beatup piggy bank sign was for a supermarket. They had a closed off refrigerated section you walk around it, which was neat. So it's not just walls of cold food, but a room full of cold food. The cashier was not stereotypically nice, which was unexpected. He had those ear loops and kind of this gruff edgy vibe to him. But then he saw another cashier lifting some boxes and said "Do you even lift, bro?" and it made him tame and non-threatening immediately. Not edgy. Then the other cashier asked him if he still worked out, and he kind of did this knowing, friendly dismissive gesture, that they're still both partaking and contributing to this common working-out conversation. I can't explain it. But it made them feel really safe and harmless to me. The store was closing, so I'm glad I got there when I did. Bought random stuff. I especially wanted oatmeal.

Got some fried fries at a American-themed in the stylings of a roadside burger place. The thing is though, they lit it really dimly, like it was a fancy romantic nice restaurant. I saw this almost everywhere. Supposedly fast-food places, they made the decor and table settings and everything really nice. It's charming and kind of funny.

I asked for an 8 o'clock wake up call. Let's see if I even sleep tonight.
