Two things made me happy today: First, work was steady and regular and basic and will be tomorrow it seems. I figured out how to do something new and it made an upcoming project look less intimidating. Second, my FSA reimbursed me, finally. It feels so good to have the money back. I will do I can to not have to float my own money for the FSA crap. <i>I</i> will reimburse <i>them</i>.

What else happened? Listening to doomsayers is depressing as hell. I am avoiding news from the entire spectrum of politics. The fuck is wrong with people. It's like a fetish to some, who derive some sick pleasure from warning people how bad it's going to get. Please. You're trying to impose your reality and assumptions, just like the people you hate are doing. You have no idea how the world works. You think you do but that's all ego. You have no idea what will collapse a society. Of course you would assign the things you care about as super important and designate those as the pillars the world rests upon. That is subjective and has no relation to reality. It's damn hubris to think you have a grasp on the tipping points. As wrong as you had it about the election results, you will just be as wrong about what happens next. Because both those predictions are coming from the same egotistic place. No one gives a shit about you, least of all the universe. I hate how I can't articulate myself and what I mean. It's this exaggerated, self-aggrandizing attitude that you are the arbiter of what's important and has significance to everyone in the world, what constitutes earth-shattering events. If you feel like the world is ending, then it is. Well, you don't know shit. The world is not going to conform to your parameters.

This morning, I managed to write another sentence or two. But it was actually something I can let stand. It tidied up the scene and let me move on. Progress.

I had no new thing today.

I'm probably going to wake up hella late tomorrow. I've lost the natural awakening at 6 something. Sucks.
