Saw Arrival. So good! The short story didn't have as much impact on me as the movie did. It first hit home how layered and interesting the story is when the aliens said that they came to help humanity because they will need our help in 3000 years. Then the hits kept coming. Borrowing from future memories? Yes please! She didn't even have a daughter yet! She decided to have the baby even knowing that she will have some horrible disease later on, that's a hardcore choice on her part and it's believable. Just as it's believable that her husband would choose to leave her based on that choice. It's understandable too how there can be human differences about that, and that's why it's so compelling. It just occurred to me now that she was also making the choice for her kid to go through all that pain as well. Of course, there's the joy of love and all that, but it's presumptuous on her part to bring her child into the world like that. And again, I could see it from her point of view too. So all this real, deeply human questions and choices are unfolding because of the movie! And that's not even getting to the cool sci-fi. Language can rewire your brain. I can see that as a germ seed of the story. It's cool. The aliens gave us future-sight via their language.

I finally understood how defrosters work. Crappy condensation forms on the glass not so much that hot air is hitting it, but that the glass itself is colder than the surround normal temperature air. Blowing hot air on it warms the glass so that ambient air doesn't condense. Finally! All this time I was so confused how blow hot air on the cold glass could help the situation. It seemed the exact opposite of what needs to happen. Maybe watching a good thinking movie made me smarter lol.

Had good family meal at Fresh Choice. Fourth Aunt was there too.

Had to get out of the uncertainty of today's dinner at home because parents were out in Napa and grandma was all confused about dinner and I didn't want to deal with any of that.

Time to play for Heroes! Well, no, sleep. This is to set up for writing tomorrow. Everything needs to be in service of that habit.
