I get so mad thinking about all my family troubles and how things would be so much more awesome if I didn't have to deal with it all. It's a favorite pastime of mine apparently. I can't see anything else in my tunnel vision rage.

Woke up late and didn't write this morning, as expected. Salvaged it by doing some push ups. I'm going to reset today by sleeping early. This is becoming a trend I should build into my routine. Sunday nights beget bad Monday mornings.

Very unproductive at work. Slow. Lots of things to do. No motivation. Thanksgiving will end before I know it and where would I be? Christmas? Over in a blink. Then I'm once again back before the desolate plain of the spring and summer stretching to the horizon. Everything sucks.

I'm sure I'm depressed and have mental problems. I need therapy and medicine. I don't know how to begin. Do I just walk into the doctor's office and say I'm depressed? I can look all this stuff up, the process of getting help. I choose to ignore everything. It's hard for me to imagine how therapy and medicine can fix my mom having cancer, and me stuck living in a traditional Chinese family. Those family things are the major source of my day-to-day problems that occupy my mind and color everything I see. This is self-diagnosis. The other major source is my own head. It enables and I'm sure amplifies the raw shit of my life into refined shit that's specifically tailored to be super effective on me. Fuck my life.

My refuge as it has always been is to retreat and ignore and disengage and be passive. All this is depressing as hell.
