Got caught up trying to hide scroll bars.

My sleeping schedule is going pretty well. Sleepy now. Waking up before 7. I want to wake up at 6. It won't happen tomorrow; I'm still writing this and it's past 10 already. I'll probably only get an hour of writing done tomorrow.

Still on self-imposed media blackout. Don't know when I'll get over this.

The next thing that would complete this series of horrible events happening to me is that I lose my job. I would not be surprised at all. Then have my mom die. That's next. And grandma. Then something bad happen to my dad. And sister. Lose our house. Some relative has to die soon before the year's out. E just lost his job. This is no bueno, no bueno at all.

I can't even happily and freely talk about Iceland because I don't know how to break it to C that I went without him when we were talking about it for so long. I had gone behind his back and gone with C instead. Fuck this mess. I just have to tell him the truth and not worry about all this shit all the time. Ridiculous.

What can I even look forward to? There is nothing good that will happen to me without me actively working hella hard for it, like writing my book. That is the only thing that's fruitful in my life that I can see from here. Everything else is shit. And it'll take me years to finish the book because I only write for an hour a day, and it's not even writing. It's note-taking for the most part and staring and thinking out plotlines. I just have first draft material and it'll take another few years to get draft three done. Fuck my life. Fuck my life to hell and die.

What's a good thing. There is nothing.
