Love getting the extra hour back in the fall. It heralds in the good feelings of the season.

Worked a lot on the site. I've put in pretty much all the features I initially wanted, which is cool. I like the nav highlighting and scrolling to the selected post. scrollIntoView() is great.

New thing: biryani at Stonestown food court. Flavorful and without lots of the random inedible bits from the Irving place. California Crisp is gone though, which super sucks. The salad was my main reason to go there on a lot of my indecisive food times. V mentioned that there's a Chipotle at Stonestown, so that's a good go-to for a vegetable hit.

I've let my pushup and writing habiticas slide for a while, in this vacation haze. I'll restart tomorrow! When I would wake up early and get that rolling again. The other two items, new thing and blog, I've got down. New thing was easy because of the traveling, and usually dependably comes up with I encounter a choice. That subconscious check that comes in during those times means that the habit's working.

Went to the library after that, thinking that I only had one hour there, because I hadn't changed my car clock yet. So what nice surprise when I found out that I had a whole hour left when I looked up. Though I probably would have used that time better if I had known that I had two whole hours instead of just one.

Worked on the site some more after I came back. I really like the creation and growth and coming together of the site. Pure will exercise. I need to test it on Windows and make the mobile version, then pics will be back finally. I look forward to putting up the Iceland pictures.
