New thing today: weird snacks at work. These bundled snack packs are all invariably mediocre and random. I need to raise the bar when it comes to new things.

I woke up hella late today and didn't write. I took the hit.

I started playing Heroes after dinner. I will do this for the foreseeable future. I don't know what to think about this. On the one hand, I've earned the free time after dinner. I know I can't write. I could force myself, but it ruins the writing and the free time. I don't have random internet browsing anymore. No more! I can read or watch a movie. Those things are the best alternative I suppose, but they don't stand up against the typhoon of Heroes when I'm super into it. Like Civ. I can live with the kind of entertainment I actually want to do without prompting, not anything I <i>should</i> do.

Still feel sick to the stomach about the election the <i>fuck</i>. Fuck Trump.

Just now, I considered saying that on Twitter and stopped myself. Why? What am I afraid of? Online harassment? That's like the lamest of harassments. It's easy to say that on here with full anonymity that's not tied to anything. My other account is. Hm. I guess Trump wins and I'm too chickenshit to stand up for what I believe in.

I've decided to choose expensive health insurance so now I'm going to take home less next year than this year. I don't like where that trend is going. I <i>need</i> to ask for a raise.

I also deleted my post about work firing people from my other blog, so I don't have to hide it from people related to work. What is it today with this convergence of my cowardice?

I bought the coke gummy with the sour powder. It is so vastly superior to the kind without the sour powder that it's not even funny. They don't always have this kind either, and I thought about stockpiling.

Must wake up early tomorrow to prove that I'm not backsliding on my habits and going back to playing video games all the time. Write write write.
