Good day because I talked to people. B and A. B came over when she came in and I was genuinely so glad to see her. She asked me about my cold. I mentioned I was better and taking the zinc tablet she texted me. I was happy how lightly and easily we chatted. She said I seemed better and had energy. I fixated on that immediately of course. Then she does this wave goodbye even though she was just going back to her desk which is so adorable to me. I talked to A later during lunch and fixated on how she came around the table and sat next to me to show me her travel pictures.

Also I felt I had a handle on work because I was there onsite and didn't feel like I was missing things or had things lurking in the shadows. I had a decisive moment in the morning when I made myself get up out of bed early to catch the bus. A need for an "earned day" compelled me for sure. I thought to the end of the day, on the bus back, how fulfilled and satisfied I would feel for making that hard decision to get up early and going down to Sunnyvale. That largely worked out. I had a good time with people and got good memories and the day was a win instead of a mushy lonely day wandering around West Portal or wherever. I guess this is how work extracts my surplus. Self-imposed commute.

I still felt kind of marginally sick. Might have actually had a fever toward the end of the day.

I also decided I can't write in Google Docs. I can't stand it, actually. Writing in Atom is pretty great. All except for the weird refusal to support paragraph indenting.
