For some reason when I woke up today, I thought to write down my mood. Every time I felt good and bad, I would make a note. I instantly wanted to make an app out of it. I started doing things so I could add to the good pile. That positive reinforcement felt promising and good. There are a lot of mood trackers around, so what I was doing wasn't new, but it felt hella new. As the day continued, whenever I felt something, it was interesting to immediately write it down and see the list in each group grow. The good list ended up twice as long as the bad one. Reading through the bad list, most were dumb as I knew but had never quantified in that way. The good list made me feel grateful.

Bad:
- Crypto down
- Didn't pass QA
- Stand up meeting listening to subtle jabs and blaming on not being careful in beginning
- Crappy call quality on calls, perpetually hard to work remotely
- Not changing into boots
- Telling dad I won't be home for dinner
- Not going into the office, feeling like a blob at the library
- Shouldn't have eaten the fries
- Lonely at stonestown

Good:
- Nice drizzly weather
- Didn't have to go into the office, slept in a little
- Washed dishes last night, so can guiltlessly not wash today, eat out
- Anticipating Tang noodles
- No meetings
- Kara and Nate released new video and it really didn't matter that they messed up before. I feel the same towards them
- Shaved
- Got out of bed early enough to brush teeth before stand up call
- Want to make a daily up and down app
- Ate banana instead of soylent
- Cancelled post mortem v day meeting, for now...
- M getting code to work
- Going back to get windbreaker
- Gesturing to drivers in acknowledgement of them letting me cross
- Finishing rover beats update tidly, feeling in control
- Glad I got a cup of soup instead of bowl
- Crypto went higher
- Matcha
- Watching scarra and toast interact on stream

I want to keep doing it. Do I just get an app?
