Woke up after noon. It rained all morning. Went to A-Frame for breakfast. It wasn't very good. Asian food plz. After that, went to a dispensary and K got edibles. The weed place had hot girls working there. Inside the dispensary was like its own sanctified space. It was set apart. There were different rules. There's weed soda?

Went to Venice beach. It was great! Tried out Lime for the first time. Super great too! I hadn't felt so mobile since I stopped biking and driving. I had the best time. Still had some time before dinner, so K drove us to a museum. Didn't like the ugly modern art. Went back to the apartment to drop off the car. Took 2 gummies but spat one out, thinking I'd better play it on the safe side while being outside. It was only 5 mg.

Went to BBQ #2, all you can eat. It hit me during. I watched my feelings as it happened. So fascinating. I felt myself loosening up and laughing more easily. Then the time effects started. I still can't describe it well. Memories didn't seem to match their time slots. Memories from a minute ago seemed to be from longer ago. I could feel the present flowing into memory. It's so strange. I was fixated on trying to understand and study the effects weed has on me.

Eating and walking around outside while high were definitely new experiences. I didn't like the tasting part. It was like I was remotely eating. I doubt I could find my way home on my own while high. It was like I was skipping across time and distance.

We made it back somehow. I ate some candy and chips, then lay down, got super tired. Watched some kpop then fell asleep.

Best day in a long time.
