One more day left of the long weekend. Again, dinner obligations. And again, nothing I can reasonably dislike. It's something *I* suggested. Little Sheep, which dad likes.

I hate the feeling of not having complete and absolute control over my time and life. I feel besieged all the time. I don't know how to stop feeling that way, especially now when I'm living at home and so many aspects of that irks me. Every little thing like towels in the kitchen or bathroom supplies or curtains, whatever, I compare to when I lived on my own and how much better if that were the case now.

I'm going to hike. I need to get some light and air. Light and air!

Typing on the desktop keyboard feels more strenuous than on a Mac laptop, which I've typed pretty much everything for the past few years. It's interesting. I feel much better about myself for using the desktop and Windows though. I feel increasingly gross using Apple products.

Listening to Mono's new song, Breathe, repeatedly. I like it.

Little Sheep was fine. Seemingly lots of food but it was about right. I hated driving there in dad's car. It was like my early driving days all over again. I don't feel like I have control. I don't know what to do if I get into an accident. I can't stand that. The thing to do would be for me to get my own car insurance, and owning everything about it. AAA too, so I know exactly what comes after an accident and how the parts fit in. I hate how the insurance card doesn't list my name even though I'm on the policy. That's something I need to rectify and ask for on the current policy.
