It's so interesting that I feel so much better today. This afternoon. There is no real difference between the times I'm happy and the times I'm sad. Maybe medication is really the answer here.

I woke up still with a headache from the night before. I don't know what the hell is wrong with me. It's more than allergies I'm sure. I took a sick day and left the house with no idea where to go as is increasingly common. I went toward the bus stop. The Richmond I guess? Danube, or the curry house, or southern food, that crayfish etouffe please. I knew that I would later have to deal with crossing back across the park, but oh well. I waited for the bus, still feeling pangs from the sunlight beating down.

I considered getting boba, but both places weren't even open yet. It was only 10:40 something in the morning. Maybe I'll go to de Young again?

I got off the bus and walked toward Arsicault, along California instead of Clement like usual. It's a lot more serene. I got plain, chocolate, and ham and cheese. I ate the plain on the way to Danube. The headache was getting bad. What the hell. Danube was hella packed. I left. It wasn't the first time that happened, recently. I can't really depend on Danube as a solid destination anymore. I could come all this way and not have a seat. I doubled back to a cafe I saw on the way there. It had a lot more space and airy. No juice though, and I couldn't parse the menu. I got a green tea, to start. I looked up the menu online, but they didn't have all those items in person, apparently. No bulgogi sandwich for me. Or spicy chicken. I got a turkey instead, for the lack of anything better. It was pretty good. The bread was crisped.

I finished the Andromeda Strain. It wasn't good. The ending lost it for me. Things were just happening. It was written a longer time ago than I expected. 1969 is hella old. All the characters were white men, no surprise. It did make me want to see what happened at the end, so there was that.

In the middle of reading, my headache went away. I felt perfectly fine. No allergies. No anything else. I was normal. Nothing I did effected this change. I had nothing to do with it. Whatever happened, it was beyond my control. I don't know what to do with this information. Get meds? Those would solve my bouts of random ass depression right.

Reading books makes me happy. Watching movies too. TV shows. Stories make me happy. That's the other truth today. I always feel pretty good after I finish a story.

V's coming home tomorrow, so that's really good. I also will be doing nothing at work tomorrow in the SF office, also good.
