Today was just bad. I couldn't sleep last night and woke up with the headache I fell asleep with. Allergies now the same as being sick. I was tired and sneezing and headaching. I didn't want to do anything. I have no place to retreat to. I locked my bedroom door and didn't want to interact with aunt and grandma. I have no place to rest. I have no place to put my head down. I was grateful for the porridge first aunt made me. I was fretting about work all of last night too, which contributed to my general stress with life. I tried to work a little, but gave up around 1 in the afternoon. I declined the meeting for the other project that I have no idea what is happening with. I drank some soylent because I didn't eat anything else that day besides the porridge. My head was aching hella much at this point. I went to bed and didn't wake up until 6 something, at which point the smell of the first aunt cooking made me nauseous. I don't know what it is, probably the oil. The food itself is fine when I go to eat it, but the smoke and oily smell during the cooking process is so gross now. I can't stand it. I told dad and first aunt I wasn't going to eat at home and left. I still had my headache. I didn't know where to go and stood at a corner wondering and ended up at Stonestown because I wanted a smoothie, needed some tartness to counteract the bland taste in my mouth and the craving for fresh vegetables and food. I got a regular non-green juice or smoothie this time. Strawberry banana and apple. I wished the apple wasn't there. Then I got a salad and soup combo at Boudin's, which was a good win for the day. It was what I wanted and it was cheaper than I expected. I was very glad the cashier asked if I wanted that as a combo, which I didn't think I could get because the salad was a special one and not the normal ones they listed next to the combo's name on the menu. Home after that. I listened to a couple of podcasts on the way.

I don't like how alert I am not because it's just eating into my sleep and it's setting up for a bad morning tomorrow. I'm going to call in sick. There is no way I'm going down to Sunnyvale tomorrow. Fuck that.
