Probably the worst feeling day I had for a while. I felt like shit the entire day. I woke up heart thumping because of family. Every time I hear people outside my room talking, I brace myself for the inevitable knock, or them opening the door, and I have to react. I don't feel secure at all. So that's the start. Then, it's early, and I don't ever have a good night sleep anymore, so I don't feel great. Then it's sunny and dry, and I'm sweltering in my blankets, and I have the hazy headache thing that's been lingering with me for months now. Dad eventually knocks, and I slide off my bed, groggy as hell. I tried to wake myself up so I could handle the eventual knock better. I stagger out and hate every minute of the morning and what's coming up next. It's cemetery visiting day. I'm going to have to drive to take V to work afterward. I haven't driven in months, and I go through the worst case scenarios where I crash and kill people. I felt pretty good driving, actually, so that was a highlight of the day. It made me want to get a car again. The cemetery visit itself was hot as hell and sunny. We're just baking in the open field. The ceremonies, now two of them for grandpa and mom, take forever. I think about how these visits would work if there are more than two grave sites. We can't stay out there all day. We have all the inefficient tools for the burning of paper offerings. I must have sucked in pounds of smoke and ash. My allergy headache whatever it was was going out of control. I felt like dying, stoking the fire with a tool short wire stick thing, trying to burn the mounds of paper in the tin canister that had no ventilation holes at the bottom so the paper was burning slow as fuck. I had no good interactions with any of the relatives there, except a little bit with second aunt. I felt inadequate. We were there for grandpa and mom, but I spent the whole time bemoaning my life and wishing we could get out of the sun and go home. I drove V to work, and getting into that car felt good. I decided to go to Stonestown to get a smoothie to counteract the heat, the light, and the ash all over me. I still felt like shit, but I went anyway. There was nothing for me at home to make me feel as good as a smoothie. I finished the smoothie, but still felt like shit. I got the chicken wings, thinking I would eat it later. I had no appetite whatsoever. I drove back in the glare. At home, I tried everything to feel more comfortable. I closed the blinds, I drank hella water, I ate a tangerine, I splashed cold water on my face, I took a shit, I masturbated; the headache was still there and I still felt like shit. Dad, first aunt, and grandma came back, and I ate some of the dim sum. I didn't want to eat anything, much less that dim sum. I tried to read. Fuck all that, I was going to sleep. I woke up four hours later feeling so, so bad. My headache was the worst it'd been that day. Pounding. My throat was parched and messed up with phelgm. I had to pee, and dying of thirst. I was super hot, even with blankets off. First aunt was cooking dinner, and the smell and sound of the range nauseated me. What the hell was going on with me? I braced for the call for dinner. I hated the summons. It was something I couldn't refuse. I could, but it would cause me more problems than if I just acquiesced. It's the weighing of options I play all the time, enforcing passivity. I would not keep doing nothing if doing nothing wasn't the better choice in so many situations. I forced down dinner. I didn't eat any meat at all. I got that over with and tried to settle in for the evening with mindless Youtube. I still had to do my fucking timesheet. Then dad came in and told me I was old and asked me if I was looking for a girlfriend. I just internally zoned out. This was going to keep on happening. This is going to be my life, and I'm not doing anything to stop it. I am going to be depressed and live in quiet desperation until I die. I starting laughing at the sheer ruined thing my life has become. Not so much the objective things, but my messed up reactions to everything. These four years have been getting worse and worse. I thought mom dying was bad. This slow bleeding and gradual decline are driving me crazy. I have never felt this bad. I know this extreme of a feeling will go away, but the thing is, it'll come back too.
