I'm so pissed all of a sudden at how work is going. This is out of jealousy and feeling of inadequacy. I hate people who do better than me, especially at the same job. I can tolerate superior people if there's some difference. It hurts more from an even comparison. It's just so obvious to see where I fall short.

I did the quarterly accounting. It feels good. I can't dwell on it though, the feeling lasts like five minutes. The numbers sink into the spreadsheet and that's it. They don't do much anymore.

I got a burrito thinking I would stay up and be hungry, but I just feel tired and I feel pressure in my head, and the general malaise again. It's fucked. I can't even enjoy the best part of the week now. I don't know what's wrong with me, ailment-wise. I can't keep thinking it's allergies. How long am I supposed to keep enduring this? I drank some black coffee in the afternoon too, so I'm extending the crappy way I'm feeling now longer into the night. I can't stay up, so I'm forced to try to sleep, but I guarantee I'm just going to lie there and not fall sleep for five more hours.

Everything is so stupid. My only solace I can get now is knowing, more like hoping, that all my feelings are short-lived and a little nugget of relief will bump up soon enough. Even if it's just for a little while, and I sink back into the seemingly base level of depression I'm wallowing in nowadays, the small lift is enough for me to get by.

I'm losing everything that gives me joy. What the hell is going on.

Fuck it then, I'm just going to stay up.
