I'm getting more and more cynical and negative. I avoid hope and think it's pointless to expect things will work out. Trump will win the next election. I'll feel stressed and disillusioned by work that I quit without a job lined up, then spend a year and a half or two unemployed. I will spend all my savings, and have to cash out my Roth, then my 401k, probably. I know I will never cash out crypto. I will watch it dwindle, lose all the profits, and then go below my buy-in price. I would have wasted two years and missed all the gains. It would be typical of my luck, and how things are going in my life. Squandered opportunities. Nothing will come from meeting T. Second date, third maybe. Then nothing. I won't ever do anything to progress my relationship with C. I will be 40 and alone. That will be the low point of my life at that point. The descent will be steady and accelerate from that point. I will never finish my novel. I have a good chance of writing another short story. Dad, or grandma, or my aunts will have a medical emergency soon. Or V. Or me. There will be spikes of tragedy. I will lose contact with more friends. My existing relationships will continue to wither. I haven't had as much fun with E for a long time. The last lunch was so nothing. I'm going to try less and less. My cynicism will mingle with increasing apathy. That is my natural state: decay. It's so easy. What else can go wrong? I will buy a Tesla, and crash it. Or someone will break in, steal it, whatever. Hit and run again, parked or otherwise. I really can't see myself still at my job right now in a year's time. I would, though. I would have messed up at least once or twice. I would not have another success. People's opinion of me would sour and inevitably decline. B would leave pretty soon, I'm sure of that. Someone I won't like will join and make working worse. People I like would leave. Some new people would be nice, but it would be a net negative. I would keep having to commute more often. I would throw up on the bus, guaranteed. I would miss the bus. Lots of things could, so would, go wrong at work. It's fucking glass. Family too. My money. All of it. I don't have a single thing of strength. The house will burn or flood or something. My body and health, so easy to get fucked up. I will be visiting SF General one way or another. It's so fun writing all this out because they all seem so likely to happen versus the opposite. I literally can't see what good things could likely happen. What is in my mind that is shading everything in so much pessimism? Fear, that's likely the one. My money will likely keep rising, but slower and slower, so it's apparent how pointless my balance is. It's not enough to mean anything, and will just remind me how much I don't have, and how much longer it will take. There will be a recession, and I will get to see red for months and then years. Another source of hope and progress eliminated. Nothing I do amounts to anything. I still have nothing cumulative. The worst part, I won't ever stop thinking these thoughts. This part of me is always going to be here, regardless of what happens. It's staring to feel good. Maybe that's the worst part. I *like* feeling depressed about myself and the world, and pessmism feels so good. When things go wrong, I feel fucking vindicated, and I'm cheering that on. It's amazing how I could feel like this. Gleeful.

I bought $40 sushi box and it wasn't worth it at all. Last time I'll get it, for sure. The truffle salmon looked better, but I think I got that another time and it wasn't that great either.
