Good day. Went to Din Tai Fung with A, A, and M. Again, feels so good to be included. I just like spending time with A. It was also good to chat with B a little. Chocolate dumpling was good.

Today totally feels like Friday. I had to catch myself just then that there's still work tomorrow.

I'm relieved that there's nothing going on. I finished up the email. The review got pushed back, so I got to enjoy lunch and things worked out. Biltong came yesterday in the mail, so they fulfil my snack needs and food security. It's the last dregs of the work week before Christmas, and sloth is expected. I'm not going to try, more than usual.

Watching Offline TV videos calms me.

I'm not going to go into work tomorrow. Work from cafe for sure. Sleeping in.

I'm content at this very minute. All it takes is that nothing be happening at home, no disaster at work, some slight accomplishment and completion of something, interacting with people I like, like A and B, nothing rushed, and mostly, relief from stress and pain. Health, of course, which I've been taking way too much for granted. I ate at the mall, and listened to a Tested podcast. They were doing a decade in review, and that segment zoomed me out in perspective a little, and seeing how much has happened in the past ten years. So much actually.

In this state, I feel optimistic about the future. I want to see what the next decade will bring. Where will I be? What will I have done? I remember me scrolling through my calendar at an old job, thinking, where would I be. Will I be working somewhere else? That seems likely. I don't really want to, but every new job has been positive for me. I took the leap. I want to learn to code for real. I'm very forward facing right now, that the present is kind.

I don't know what to do about dating T. I need to text her tomorrow.

My desire to write only bubbles up when I'm in this warm optimistic state of mind. It's still the only thing I want to do as a career--a career in that I can build upon it, and someone can't take it away.
