Got up pretty late, around 11. Warmed up some lunch for grandma. When first aunt came back, I headed to the mall to return a solid colored flannel that looked too much just like a regular wrinkled shirt. One of the main reasons I like flannel is because I don't feel like I have to iron them.

It was windy with spurts of rain. I took the big Esurance green umbrella, so that felt good. I tried out the Sony noise cancelling wireless earbuds. The sound quality is better, I think, than the Jabras. The noise cancelling was there, but not as impressive as the Bose, which felt like it instantly muted everybody. I like them enough to keep them though.

Got tomato soup and avocado toast at Boudins. Then matcha. The rain got super heavy. I watched people struggle around the mall entrance. The water was at the level of the curb. I watched the mess for a while.

Home. Dinner. Told dad and aunt about T and B a little. It was the most conversational conversation I had around the table. Felt good to talk and interact.

I opened up the big Amazon box full of everyday necessities I bought. Like 14 things. I feel like I'm waking up a little from the haze around me after mom's death. I finally put in some effort to improve my immediate surroundings, when before I didn't prioritize to care about improving, since what's the point when I was so wrecked inside.

I replaced the wobbly power strip I couldn't mount right with one that had the mounting holes sticking out from the strip so I didn't have to guess and blindly try to match the holes to the screws. That was the best thing in the box. I feel so fucking good about plugging and plugging stuff now. It's solid and doesn't yield and I can *trust* it to stay put while I tug on plugs without feeling like I would yank the whole thing off the wall. I had waited far, far too long to fix this small thing, which was actually irritating me so disproportionately.

This all naturally makes me look around my room. There are so many low hanging fruits. I still want to build my L desk. Get a 4K 144hz monitor. New PC case. Upgrade video card again. New router. Wireless mechanical keyboard.
