Asked T out to dinner later this week. It's going to be logistically awful. Hella inconvenient. What will happen. I'll ask A or A for a recommendation for a place to take a date to dinner in the peninsula. I'll text that to T. I should get a backup on hand. The day of, after work, I'll get a Lyft for like an hour. It'll cost me $50. I have no idea. How do I even get around anywhere. Maybe I can take a Caltrain, I don't know. Hopefully I won't be late. I'll meet her there. I need to get a haircut before Thursday. I'll open the door to the restaurant and look around for her, or I'll be at the table and looking around for her. We sit down across from each other and see each other for the first time. I have no idea what I'll say. A lot of small talk? I want to say how I feel, and let my emotions be my guide. Emotions and feelings freely flow and abundant. I should profit from them. What would it be like to just narrate and tell her how I'm feeling throughout the meal. Weird, probably. What do I want to get out this? High chance it'll be the last time I see or interact with her. That should make me feel more at ease. I've done the crucial thing. I asked her out and went on a date. Everything else that comes after falls into the realm beyond my control. It's exactly like a job interview. The hard part is over and I need to try to get some kind of comfort and confidence out of that. I'll try to make it seem like everything is at stake but nothing is at stake. I'm actively trying to calibrate my expectations now to not get disappointed. Of course I want her to like me and want to see me again. It's the same thing, though, of being disappointed I don't win the lottery: pointless. I should enjoy the meal and meeting someone new and that I actually went out on a real date since like ten years.

Hyped.
