It was nice meeting T. I don't feel much though. No strong attraction. I really enjoyed just being with someone and talking with someone new, and having company for dinner.

I Lyfted there with like an hour to spare. I got a cup of tea from Starbucks and walked around the downtown strip. It was really nice. Clean, nice restaurants and vibrant retail.

The restaurant got really full when I got back there and I was like, crap, I might need to go somewhere else. I had my name on the waiting list and she was 15 mins away. My name got called sooner than I had thought, but I couldn't get seated until she was here. At least I knew I was first in line after that. I was at peak anxiety, and I reveled in it. Real feelings are great. I was in direct contact with reality at that moment.

She came from my right. I saw her and could sort of tell it was her. She didn't look like her picture. She looked older.

We said hi, and we walked in to the cramp entry way and it was the least conducive place to begin a first date conversation. I was splitting my attention to watch out for the waiter, and to make sure he didn't call someone else before me. And at the same time, I was trying to make meaningful first chit chat with her, while bumping into people waiting there or going out.

I did like how I walked in to tell the waiter I was ready, and that produced results! He got us to our seats then. Love it. I did the same thing later and told him that we were ready to order after waiting for a long time. Assertive!

The conversation went pretty well. It was interesting to hear about her job, and travels, and family. I kept up my end pretty OK, I think. I shared some stories, and asked her questions, and I don't think either of us talked too much or was too quiet. I only felt one moment, when she was talking about her sneaking up a tower after dark to see the view, that I glimpsed her really engaged. Like properly. The rest of the time, she was polite, like me, so that moment was pretty great.

I walked her to her car. I said I'll call her, it was fun, and I think she agreed. Not sure if she wants to see me again.

Immediately after, I did what I was waiting to do all night. I texted B and told her I was in Burlingame and if she wanted to hang out. Amazing. I actually did it.

She was somewhere else, so, like I thought, we didn't meet up. That was mostly irrelevant. I just loved the fact that I was in the scenario that I could text her in stride like that. I also texted C, who didn't respond, and messaged E, and had fun telling him about the date. I also texted A, who didn't respond.

Absolutely a golden star day.
