Bad day because things didn't go amazing. That was it. My threshold is ridiculous.

I texted B, the other girl dad wanted to set me up with, in the Lyft before meeting T, while I was at a peak of nervousness and wanted to do something I had been putting off. I was already emotionally stressed, so I might as well take advantage and get it over with.

She texted me back in the morning saying that she had to ask her dad who I was. Just that one text made me like her more than T. It's stupid. I have so little to go by. It gave her the edge if I'm just comparing first texts. Though T was nicer and asked me how I was and actually engaged in conversation, while B still hasn't replied back to me yet. I'm such a bad judge of character.

Ate lunch with E at Taichi. Didn't talk about much. I wish it had been dinner instead so I didn't have to think about work.

Tenants emailed and said they had a leak. More things to worry about. Ruined a Friday night.

I'm not going to buy any more crypto at these prices. Not low enough. I wouldn't feel bad if they shot up from her and I miss the dip. It's not much of a dip. I would get 30 more ETH. It's not significant.

No plans whatsoever. I'm glad I've stopped watching Twitch. I still managed to waste all my time. It's 11 already and I haven't done anything.

The Sony earbuds came. The only thing that made me not return it is the noise-cancelling. I need to test it out on the bus. I don't like the app. An ear bud should not need an app.

I guess I'll read.

C texted me and that made me feel better about the day. She was reading my blog, which is very cool.
