Woke up in mild panic about work. Then the table delivery people came. The base broke during transit, fuck. Nothing is going smoothly. I felt, like a lot of times, upset just for other people's sake. It's performative. If it were just me, I wouldn't give nearly as big a shit. Things break, it happens, what the fuck ever. I keep thinking people would think how I'm not reacting appropriately because they would flip the fuck out because someone wronged them, and that any response short of aggression is weakness. I'm so sick of it.

I did my irate customer dance, then got out. I needed to get away from the house and family. First cousin has been smoking; the garage is filled with the smell. What the fuck. I want him the fuck out of my house. I also had so much work to do. I headed to West Portal.

I finally started doing the work I was supposed to have been doing all of the past month. I stayed at the library for a couple of hours until around 4:30 p.m. when I thought I really needed to wrap up the table thing a little bit with dad, tell them I'm not going home for dinner, and actually get some lunch. I had one nugget to tell dad, that the movers would take payment next week when they return with the replacement part. I wanted to offer that little win to dad so it doesn't seem like I didn't care or would accept whatever losing scenario I was given instead of jockeying for advantage. Once that shit was done, I got some vegetable crepe and some lentil soup at Squat and Gobble. Then, I went back for an hour of work at the library until they closed, then worked for another hour at Starbucks until after 7. I had enough. I needed to walk.

I walked a new way around the back to Stonestown. My favorite mall food now is the chicken and rice dish from the mee sua Taiwanese place. Love that place! Can't wait to try their chili fish next time. They actually sold out of mee sua, being so late. I also got a peach smoothie, which was too sweet to finish. I threw away like 80% of it.

Then, home. Youtube. And it's 1:53 a.m. I only stopped watching because I didn't want to mess up my sleeping schedule for Monday, when I have to wake up early, and having enough sleep is the main defense against throwing up on the bus.
