Good Saturday. Not the best because I need to work tomorrow, but it was still pretty good, particularly in contrast with the week before.

Stonestown with S. No pancakes though because they only sat 30 for each of the 3 seatings. We didn't want to wait. Ate at the udon place instead. Then walked around the mall. Gap. The hoodie that I like was $70. No plz. Then Apple. Then the upscale Mini Japanese nothing store. After that, it was 2:30 and we might as well check the line for the 3 p.m. seating. All filled. That was it. S left. I wanted to go home. I should have stayed and gotten some mee sua.

I walked home, and sat through grandma wanting to cook dinner. I get so irritated at it. The only way I could deal with her like that is to ignore her. The alternatives are to answer her and repeat a dozen times, or get super upset and yell and talk to her like she could remember any of that, then also repeat a dozen times. Ignoring wins. It still feels shitty.

Dad came home with the relative auntie and we went out for dinner. Me, V, dad, grandma, auntie, first aunt, and first cousin. I had a really good talk with V about the day at court, and the whole situation with first cousin and first uncle. The food was great too. The squid was cooked perfectly. Tender.

Home, watched more True Detective. It's past 2 now and I'm going to enjoy sleep. Weekends are still so good.

I will not check crypto until at least the next accounting. I will not check NBA for two weeks. I only want to check for elimination games.
