First aunt woke me up to ask if we can go back to the hospital. This fucking life. I told her I would call first. I wasn't being clear as I was still in bed and didn't want to get up. I asked to WFH that day. She said something about calling her, and left. I lay there for a moment, and knew I was missing pieces. I needed the police report again for the case number so I could call and see if we even needed to do anything. And I didn't want her and first uncle to have to wait there for no reason again. I needed to act. Fuck. I got up and called her. She was still home. I got the police report from her and called. They told me to call SVU. Holy shit! What the fuck did my cousin do?? The number corresponded to the department for mental problems or elder abuse. Both not good! Goddamn it. The SVU person was Asian and considerate. I think he knew what this was like. He said there was a usual 72 hour hold on the person who got admitted to the hospital for mental issues. That makes the previous night a lot more sense. Then he said I should call back tomorrow, after the holding period for more information. That was a steadying conversation. I like that holding period. It means there was nothing we could do in the interim. A sort of immunity so to speak. So precious. So I told first aunt and got ready for work. I missed the police's call and he left a message. I think that was when he told me about calling them back tomorrow, actually. Yeah. So it was after THIS that I felt pretty good about the situation. Then he called again, and told me to call station again and ask for the SIT. That team would know more. Er. OK. I'll just call tomorrow.

I worked. Then first aunt came in and told me cops were at her apartment and she had to go. This thing keeps rolling. I worked. I heard cooking and went outside and saw she had come back. She said that social workers had showed up and was asking them about income and that they wouldn't have to pay if they qualified. Fuck yes. That was the best news, both for financial and for belief in the system. It was actually benefiting us. They spoke Chinese and all that good stuff. I didn't have to do shit. They explained more and confirmed the 72 hour thing and that they can try to take him home tomorrow. Other people would come tomorrow and interview them I guess about what happened. I feel pretty good about tomorrow.

Not about work though. I worked until 10 p.m. OK, I do feel a little better about nailing down some things for Nova. I can see the end, slightly better. I have a way to get what I want, and to proceed. Forward movement. It felt good to accomplish something and to have things work. I've been typing for half an hour and need to sleep.

Oh shit, my order filled!
