Incredibly super bad day. I can't but see an intentional malice!

Super bad day at work as it was. PRS and Nova can go to hell. I didn't have time for lunch, as I knew. Soylent all day. I rode back on the bus, thinking that I can try to do some work at home to catch up. Then I really looked forward to eating at the Taiwanese place. I was literally a couple of steps from the door when dad called. First cousin is in the hospital! What the fuck. I looked at the door, then looked away and headed home. Fuck. I was hella hungry.

I got some milk tea to make up for the injustice. I didn't finish it though. When I came home, first aunt was all in disarray and dad was cooking, and our relative Tu Ying who was visiting, a guest!, was also helping to cook. That's so embarrassing. Dad had chosen the congee mode instead so the rice was inedible. It was at once soggy and uncooked. I was still fucking hungry and I could have eaten at Stonestown. Fuckkkkk.

Dad drove me and first aunt to the hospital. There was no one at the info desk. I called their number, and they said to go around back to the emergency room entrance. There, the receptionist told us to wait. She called us up a little later and said we can't visit him because he was under police custody. What the fuckkk is going on??? Her only advice was to call the police who originally detained him. What? Who am I supposed to call?? First aunt didn't have any info. She called first uncle, and it was only THEN that she brought out the police report. Godddddammn it. All this time. I took it and called. The dispatcher said that they don't have much information, and that we need to wait for the arresting officers to call us. Shit shit shit. This was a waiting indefinitely situation. The worse thing there is. Then first uncle called and gave me the number to Kaiser. What? I thought my cousin was at SF General?? Who told him to call Kaiser? No one knows. I called Kaiser. They had no idea who I was talking about. I got transferred to the emergency department and they didn't know of anyone who got brought in. I then called the police station again and they confirmed that yeah, my cousin was at SF General. Then dad called first uncle and was like where did this Kaiser number come from?? It was then that first uncle said he was mistaken and gave us the wrong number. Why was it given in the first place???? I will never know. So we sat there, me and first aunt. First aunt told dad to go home and not wait. I can take an Uber I said. Dad left to get bring Tu Ying back to our old house where she was staying, and to get ready for his trip to Vegas the next day. There were fucking mosquitos all over the waiting area. They came in through the automatic doors. It's just great. My ankles got immediately itchy as hell and inflamed like I was getting bites everywhere. We kept waiting, for no reason, for no idea how long. Someone was watching stand-up on their laptops with the tinny speakers turned way up, and laughing his ass off. I crunched slightly inside. We kept waiting. I stretched down my jeans to try to hide my delicious ankle flesh from more mosquitos. I tried to tune out the laugh track. I felt weird using it, but then no, it was perfect and the only way to describe it: Kafkaesque please. Then it was just ridiculous. I was going to keep waiting indefinitely. I told first aunt that we'll wait another hour and then leave. The cops were not going to call us back. If they do, then we can always come back. We left in twenty minutes.

At home, I didn't sleep well at all. Super high strung. Damp. Itchy like crazy. I had work to worry about. I had hospitals and police to worry about. And crazy cousins.
