I finished the season of Terrace House and I'm so sad. This happens often when I finish a book or a movie and I get attached to the characters. Especially this season where it just ends abruptly, and my favorite person on the show leaves as abruptly. I didn't expect that part would affect me so much. I'm wary about watching the other seasons because that's going to happen again and again and any departure would gut me. Like the graduation episodes in school shows. Like my own graduation actually. Nostalgia hits me super hard and I hate endings. I'm gutted, and that's just over a TV show. All my friendships and relationships I have in real life are pretty static, or fade away gradually, so I would expect when something happens suddenly to those relationships, I would not be able to handle it at all. Like when mom died. I'm already pre-feeling the sadness with dad. I did not feel this way the first time I moved out, but I know I'll feel it more whenever I move out next time.

I did an active thing and drove and picked up lunch take-out today for dad, and paid for it like I wanted to. It was the only thing I could do; the alternative of letting him do it and pay for it was not acceptable. I brought it up that I wanted to spend the lottery money on a meal.

I'm sick of crypto for now again, it's meaningless like money, in that ultimate way. It's not an end in any way and just a means. I have no end, so feeling adrift because of that. That's probably why I feel so sad too, after watching Terrace House, because it reminds me how much life other people are living.
