I felt super bad through the night and morning because of how stressed I was about work. It's this dangerous performance I have to put on indefinitely. It bled into other areas of my life, and the one sure thing that depresses me is feeling like I don't see a good future ahead of me. Everything is going to stay the same, and there's no escape, or change for the better. All future paths point back to the same hole I'm in. I can usually fend off that dismal outlook when I think about crypto or when I get motivated to write, just anything that I could see getting me out of my current existence. That mindset is linked inextricably with my happiness. I can't be happy without feeling secure or excited by the future. So I didn't feel that way at all, and wallowed in misery and half-panicked state. I hate work so much. Terrace House triggered all this. It's interesting to follow the progression. I see happy young people, and how they judge passive people, and then I think how I don't match up at all, and the insecurities swirl and pick apart and drag in other parts of my life that are already crumbling, and it's a cascade.

I didn't want to look at crypto, but I did, and that amazingly turned things around. I was interested, and moved because I wanted to, and I felt intentional. That helped with not thinking about work even though I should have been working. I moved coins around, and it felt good. Things simmered down and though nothing really changed at all, my mood went back to baseline and I don't feel like I'm collapsing anymore. This seriously is a brain chemistry problem. I need meds.

I haven't opened the windows today and I'm hot. It's yellow status outside. Going to get worse for, let's say a month. The air purifier I want is out of stock.
