Spent all day doing accounting and spreadsheets. Taking stock and inventory of my accounts and redoing my money spreadsheet. I didn't care about doing what I should. I just wanted to put things in order.

Took a nap. Ate some RX bars that just came. Goldfish tomorrow. Wondering what to do with extra money. Should I buy some ETH to test out defi? Savings rates just went down again. I feel gross leaving money in there. I'm definitely funding my taxable account. The price is going to keep going down in the next months I have a feeling. Time to keep buying to make it easier to get my car. I specced out a Model 3 and it came to $50,000. I would have nowhere to charge it if I were to move out to an apartment. But whatever. I still want the car.

Something is beeping.

I'm still undecided what to do with the extra money. If I put more money into the taxable account, I won't be moving it for a year. So definitely not going to put a lot in.

What's going to happen in 2025? Will I still work at the same place? Live in the same place? Have $1 million? No. Still have crypto? Would I have sold my small batch? Would I have any friends left? Would I have a girlfriend? Would I have gone out on another date? Would I have met anyone new? Would I have written a new short story? Would anyone die? Would I die? Would I have some major medical problem? Would someone I know get cancer, or some other major health problem? I think that's the most likely, for sure. Will corona still be a problem? Will there ever be a Democrat in the White House again?

I know I'll still be writing on this blog. That's 100%. Daily too. That's never going to change.
