My heart keeps breaking when I talk to B and she mentions hanging out with other guys, especially another coworker. It levels the field and puts her preference for someone else very personal. It's literally apples to apples and I am found wanting. I lose. It's driving me crazy. There's not even anything there. I haven't told her how I feel. I had not asked her out. There is no basis for any of this. I am just stewing in my own passivity and weakness. I haven't even earned this despair. It's not even real heart break! This is as bad as it gets. I like A better I think, but I can't help being attracted to B more on some other more primitive level. It's palpable, like I'm crushing the hell out of her. I guess it's why it hurts so much. I hear about A's dates and stuff and my body doesn't react as violently as when I hear about B's dates. Ugh, fuck.

So I felt sorry for myself for most of the day after that coffee chat with her. I played basketball with A and a bunch of other people and that was fun. I worried about the sun for most of it. I'm glad I made the final basket to maintain the meme that I'm good at basketball. It's a nice contrast to other nerdy things people know about me.

I really want to ask C out. It would be my second move, after getting rejected in college. I want this second point of action on my part. I don't even care if I get rejected again. It would describe an arc and build on the history between us. I feel closer to her than ever before actually. It feels nice to be around her, unlike the stretch of years, I guess a decade now, of on and off contact. I want to take a big risk. I will text her, not to say anything, but just to text her. I needed something to say and told her that R's uncle got the virus. I feel bad about spreading that. I shouldn't. But I don't care right now. I'm out of my mind.
