I was super anxious in the morning because the person dad hired to look after grandma for the day was here and I had to meet her for the first time. Meeting someone for the first time apparently super stresses me out. Or maybe it was just her? I wanted to wake up early to avoid the meeting, and I woke up at the alarm. It sucked, because I didn't get out of bed in time to take advantage of me waking up early. So I fucked myself over, lose-lose. I didn't get to sleep in and I also didn't avoid her. I got out of the house as fast as I could. I'm going to sleep in tomorrow, and I guess it'll be better. It felt really sucky to have a stranger in the house. Grandma must really hate it.

Better day at work. I finished something, nothing bad happened, and I spent half the time watching Lily stream DnD. Very enjoyable. I ate four samosas, papadum, and lassi. I stayed til 6 to finish the stream. I really looked forward to Tang Bar, and hadn't been able to get it, and I was going to make it a point to get some. It was getting late, and I looked up the closing time. It might cut it close. It took an hour to walk to the station and wait for the train to come. It then took half an hour to ride from downtown to the mall. That last part was faster than I thought. I got the food by 7:45. Plenty of time. The last thing I wanted was to feel hurried, and I didn't, so all good.

I need to think of doing something new every day again. That is a good mindset I need to maintain.

Today, I switched over to Microsoft To Do because they were killing off Wunderlist.

I feel happy now because I get to sleep in tomorrow, work was ok, I avoided any family thing because I ate out and grandma and dad are in their bedrooms already, I wanted Tang Bar and I went and got it.
