Vineyard offsite. I liked it. Talked with A in a more than cursory way. We talked about our company reaching out to her with a contract to keep her on for some work. Just got to spend more time with her one on one. Steady conversation where I didn't feel like I was flailing around randomly for purchase. Some chats with B. She took a picture with me. Good conversation with J; talked to her about my family situation, which I feel I could talk about normally now and share with people. Normal conversations with others too. Nothing I would look back on and feel bad about. I mostly ignored J, T, and R. I didn't want to talk to them. It is what it is. Felt ok with everyone else. Saw a really happy side of M, especially during dinner in Pleasanton, which was rustic and calm and had that nice peninsula downtown area. She was a bundle of joy today. Took a tequila shot with her and A. It was pretty tasty actually. Smooth and I didn't feel any sting. It didn't affect me at all actually. Didn't feel much of any effects. Talked about the claypot house and Little Sheep with P. M and her husband dropped people off. During the ride, M told me M and T weren't really doing a good job. That instantly made me think they didn't get good training. M said T disappeared a lot, lots of doctor's appointments and going home early, that kind of thing that I noticed that too. I never trusted T since she left after six months the first time. Would not be surprised if she left again soon. But all that kind of made me look at M in a newer light in that she notices things and has judgements on people. Everyone around me has a more discerning eye, apparently, and has opinions and shit I don't think of. End result of that is I should do a better job because people do notice.

A and I hugged after dinner, and I think that will be the last time I see her. We may get together again, via A, but she's gone from my life. It's sad. I'm sad.
