Brunch with K, E, V, V's boyfriend E, and A. I felt great. I was energetic and wanted to engage socially. I talked and laughed and listened and prompted. I've done this before and know that I can sustain this for max one hour. Then I lose all energy and shut down. The food wasn't that great. I liked the clam chowder though. It was thin, but still good.

I walked around north Clement area afterward. That is such a pretty neighborhood. I got some croissants and went to Danube, got coffee and read r/nba for hours. This is the best part of following sports. Not watching the games but reading about them after wins.

I had so much time. It was just 3 p.m. when I got restless and left. I still felt really good. I decided to walk. I walked all the way down, and listened to Shardcast. I was pretty tired and it was still just 4 something. I didn't want to go home at all and be there with first cousin. I got on the bus and went to the mall. I wasn't really hungry, but all I ate was those croissants and the mediocre eggs benedict from brunch. There, I got a green juice. My phone was super running out of power. I then felt hungry enough to get a mee sua, which was really great. I walked home and listened to more Shardcast. Amazingly, I still had 7% power when I got home.

Hot pot. Really good talk with V.

I cancelled on K; didn't feel like going out at all. I read more NBA.

Tomorrow, seeing S. S invited me to an interior design mansion tour. I like it. I need to stop referring to these meetups as dates and lying about it to myself and being coy when talking about it with other people. It's abhorrent and shameful.
