Scariest fucking night in a long time, right up there to the nights when mom was sick. My phone jolted me awake. "Home" was calling. I was like, what the fuck. I answered but didn't say anything. I was unsure what was going on or who was calling. It didn't occur to me that it would be dad, because I didn't hear anything else. That's another regrettable memory to add to my stockpile of despair. I was alert and heard dad calling out softly. Fuck fuck fuck. I went over to his room and knocked. He had his lamp on, and that soft light instantly brought back the horrors of the times when mom was sick and in pain in the middle of the night. I went into the bedroom. Dad said he was really dizzy and asked for some water. I shook. I hurried outside and turned on some lights and brought him some water in his cup. I then asked again what was wrong. He said he was really dizzy. Was it something you ate? Maybe. Should we go to the hospital? No. He then asked for the white flower oil to rub on his temples. It took me hella long to rummage through the drawer to find the fucking thing. I didn't know what to do. He rubbed some around his head, and asked me to put some on his back. I did. I could imagine what it was like to be dizzy in bed. The last time was when I got food poisoning. It was stuck in my head that it was something he ate. Do you need to throw up? Not really, but maybe. Can you get me plastic bag? I rushed outside and got a bag and looked for his trash can and put the bag in. Water and some minty water is not going to help whatever is wrong with him. I was beside myself. What should I do? He just said that it's fine I should go back. There was no resolution whatsoever. I didn't change anything about the situation to make things better, or eliminate the problem. I would just be taking it on faith that if I left the problem alone it would fix itself. Fuck. But I left, turned off his lamp. I left his door open and mine too in case he needed to call out again. I stood in the dark for a long minute, just paralyzed and thinking and not coming up with any answers. It was the worst night of sleep I had since mom. I was on high alert, and thinking of how I would get to the hospital, and preparing to jump out of bed at any moment and have to be ready to drive. I would take the Lexus, of course, maybe? Where are the keys? How would I dress dad? Would he go in his pajamas? What kind of insurance does he have anyway? Which hospital? SF General? I smiled at the ludacris turn the universe threw at me. I just needed everything to be still so I could survive the last few days at work. It was all I needed. But now here was this potential fuck me moment that will throw everything into chaos. Would I be able to plug in and get wifi and work at the hospital while I get dad checked in? Maybe I should take a Lyft instead of driving. Are there any drivers around this time of night? I drifted off after a long ass time of fitful jolting at every little sound, just waiting for dad to call out that he can't take it anymore and to either get an ambulance or drive to the hospital.

I woke up. Morning. Dad was talking to first aunt about last night. He had gotten better after an hour or so. Relief flooded over me. I turned off the alarm and just slept in for another hour. I wasn't going to commute today. I'll work from the cafe. Crisis over.

I got green tea, oatmeal, and the portobello sandwich. I didn't get what I wanted out of work. I didn't take the opportunity to speak up during meetings, and I hate myself for ceding the floor to everyone else.

I left to walk off my agitation and stress. And to get something to eat or drink at Stonestown. I got a peach oolong grass jelly super cue and drank half of it along the way to the mall. It was a little before 5 p.m. when I got there. I got some mea sua, then sat in the food court and listened to podcasts. I was restless. I walked back home, but was too early, and kept walking. I hate these kinds of walks. I gave up and went home after about half an hour, which was enough.

Bought more biltong and droëwors.
