I don't know why I wake up feeling so bad all the time. After I get up and brush my teeth, I feel fine again. Energized. I pooped, masturbated, and had coffee. I did *not* want to work or feel guilty at all about it.

I felt like walking and exploring. I headed for the water.

The Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk was good. Really festive. A lot of people. Bright. It looked like how summer should look like. I got fish tacos, which were mediocre, and clam chowder, which was great. I walked back and forth along the boardwalk and to the end of the pier. Saw seals.

I was lonely seeing everyone with other people. I'm so removed and apart. I got random things at Trader Joe's. It fits Santa Cruz more than San Francisco. The mochi there is bad. Hummus is good though.

I got back and worked a solid couple of hours and I feel a lot better about work now. It happened exactly as I thought. I felt as I thought I would once I did some work. I don't feel dread at the unknown of going back to work on Thursday. If something bad's going to happen, I did as much as I could reasonably do. No regrets there, I'm safe.

I flipped through the TV to see what TV is like nowadays. There was nothing on. I started watching Twitch, then decided I needed to see what the sunset was like at the boardwalk.

I went out and took my camera with me. Forgotten how manual it was. There were still so many people around. I crossed the bridge at the east end and took some pictures of the lights from across the water. There was also a small lighthouse and a nice beach with bonfires.

I walked back. I ate hummus and there was no wifi again. This hotel sucks.
