Woke up with depression and fear and anxiety.

Got up at around 9. I needed to pick up the car at noon. And to pack. And to eat lunch. I wasn't sure what the order of operations is. Should I take my work laptop? I wrung things over in my head. I could get there early to get the car, come back home to pack, leave and sit somewhere to do enough work to feel good enough to not take the laptop with me, drive back home to drop off the laptop, then leave. Of course that didn't work out at all.

I walked to Stonestown. It was really nice actually. Foggy, misty. I found that one of the Stern Grove hill paths connect and come out onto the street closer than I thought. I would use that route more often.

At the mall, I didn't have any appetite. I just ordered some tomato soup. I still felt depressed and scared and anxious. I don't know what's wrong with me. It's a little more than unease, but because there's nothing immediate to latch on to, it hasn't elevated to emminent doom. I think it's loneliness and it's all loneliness.

I walked over, an hour early, and picked up the car. They didn't try to upsell the insurance, which is interesting. I had to ask for it. I got the damage waiver but not the liability, which I should have gotten and saved a whole lot of trouble later that morning. But I get ahead of myself.

I drove back home and realized how great it was to drive with music again. I felt the same. I didn't forget how to drive.

I finished packing, got gas, and headed out. I only felt the faintest wisp of liberation and excitement for the open road when before I would feel an absolute surge in flight.

My mind kept turning. I had the damage waiver, but that wasn't insurance. That was just the car. The law doesn't care about that. I needed liability coverage. I didn't have my insurance cards because I didn't have a regular car. Damn it I was going to have to go back home and ask dad for one. Did I really have to? Yes, I really had to. Fuck it. I got off an exit and wormed my way around trying to find an open curb to pull over to. That has always been my biggest problem when driving. If I make a mistake, and had to turn back, or to gather my thoughts, make a phone call, look at a map, I couldn't. I was still moving and had to dig myself deeper into my mistake by trying to find somewhere where I could stop. So I finally did, and called dad to ask if he could leave me an insurance card. That was a mistake in that I knew it would worry him and he would call me back shortly raising his concern. But it was the straight path I was on. He asked if our insurance covered rental cars. I said it did. It must have because I've rented cars in the past and have always just used the liability coverage from the regular insurance. I did multiple trips, super long ones like the one to Moab, and back. I *must* have confirmed one way or another, right? It's one thing where I would be so oblivious to not think of it, but I know I would worry about stuff like that. It's the very reason why I even pulled off and called dad in the first place. I couldn't rest unless I take care of things like that. Dad called me back again to check with the agent if I was even on the policy anymore, after he took my car off. I said I would go home and confirm. So I drove home again. It didn't surprise me that I would be in a situation like this. I could have just bought the liability, or even just called and asked to add it to the rental without asking dad. It would have been so much easier. I wouldn't have to drive 20 mins back and dad wouldn't be all worried. Buh.

I got home and saw that our normal car insurance policy did not cover rental cars. Fuck. Did I dream that I saw that coverage on my old policy? It was a different company at the point, wasn't it? I called the rental car company. I knew that the rental location was closed already, but I thought I could reach some general customer support. They said I couldn't just add the liability unless I was there in person with the car. Hmm. I looked and every location was closed by that time. Fuck. The only one open was the 24 hour airport location. That is a nice thing to know, that airport rental car desks are always open. I called my normal car insurance, and they told me that yes, I was on the policy, but no, my policy does not cover rental cars. So much mind turning. So my sole and only course of action was to go to the airport rental car desk without getting pulled over or get into an accident and buy the liability coverage. I live only to avoid these single narrow do or die situations. It's why freedom is so important to me.

I did it, and then I drove to Santa Cruz.

The best part of today was C texting me.
