The pho was good. I didn't have a bowl, so ate it out of the tall narrow take out plastic container, which was not the best, but the broth was good.

I hate the sound of children. I hate children, period.

Last night. It feels bad, like normal. It's been good. A lot of my patterns and routines still evoke the same sort of feelings. A full day ahead of me without nothing to do is still something I enjoy. I can still derive pleasure from it. I can also just following my urges and impulse and I can be fine looking back at my decisions. I can trust that I won't destroy myself if I don't plan or keep discipline. I still know myself in that way.

Though I can't say if I'm not just sabotaging myself. In the short term, it's fine. I liked my vacation, which was the point. So that qualified as a successful outcome. Not so much long term. This could be, if looked back in a decade or on my death bed, very self-destructive and not beneficial at all. All I'm doing, have done, in this same vein could be all wrong and I'm ruining my life. Well, I don't know how I could judge anything I do if that were the metric. Would those correct long term decisions make me feel any different in the short term? I'm feeling pretty good right now, this minute, from the decisions I made so far. Should I feel even better? Or is it a delayed gratification thing, and I should always feel less pleasure in the short term? I could see the potential of other decisions making me feel better in the short term as well. Like, I could be making more friends and I would be here with someone and not alone, and that would definitely be nicer in some aspects, like eating out and having other people's ideas on what to do, and to have them to talk to about things we did or going to do. But I know there are other aspects that would be worse, like I wouldn't get the joy of deciding not to do anything the whole day and have that be OK for the other person. I genuinely put staying in the hotel room all day on par with a day spent outside doing things.

Bought a lot of food to feel food secure. I couldn't finish it all.

Finished watching The Amazing Race 31. It was good. The team I wanted to win won.

Last night.
