It feels so good to force quit a photo editing program. Fuck off with the save prompts.

Don't feel like going outside yet.

I walked a long ass way today. I considered stopping midway and should have, looking back. I wanted to see a cliff with a hole in it, and I did see one close by. I thought that was it. Then I checked the map and I was still half an hour away. The sun was hella hot. I decided to stick with it and keep walking. I got there and it wasn't ok. Not worth the extra time I spent though. I can only feel good about not giving up, but even that didn't really make up for it. I took two pictures and headed back.

The most exciting thing today was me getting on a Jump bike. Getting the app and signing into Uber was hell and as cumbersome as I thought using these share bikes and scooters would be. I liked the ride itself. Just took 20 minutes to get back to the wharf.

I was trying to decide if I wanted to walk another half a mile down the wharf to get the good clam chowder. Clam chowder should not have been my first choice of lunch at that point. I was hot and sweaty and tired. Then for some reason I remember the bathroom down the pier and was like, I could do that and get the chowder. I should have just looked around me and there were probably a closer bathroom. I don't know. I walked another half a mile in the sun.

I got the chowder, a whole quart of it, two spoons please, and some fried shrimp that I really, really should not have. I wanted to get a salad for the day! But instead, I got the exact opposite in food. I have been eating just so crappily. So now I have this heavy quart of clam chowder and a basket of fried shrimp and chips and I am at least another half an hour until I get back to the hotel. I set my mind and started walking. I needed to just endure.

I got back, turned on the AC, stripped, wiped myself down, drank water, took out the food, plopped down in front of a stream, and just fucking had at it. It was the moment that sustained me for that walk down the pier.

I then took a nap for two and a half hours. It felt fine too. Not even that groggy.

The wifi cut out, of course. I microwaved the other frozen dinner and ate other random things like yogurt and started watching the Amazing Race episodes I had hoarded. I'll see how late I stay up.

Tomorrow, I'm going to get some noodles.
