Feel really bad and distraught, anxious, depressed, restless, hopeless, peak nihilistic. I hate my life right now.

It's about 80% because I have to live at home with dad. He's never going to not pressure me to find a girlfriend and get married. Covid? Fuck that apparently, just go out. I'm not going to get upset over it anymore. I've been down that route and the yelling didn't resolve anything. He's just going to bring it up again. I've given up. I don't want to fix it. I'm going to run away and not try to reconcile this difference between me and him. It leads to all sorts of other areas of our relationship I don't want to think about anymore. There is only pain. Nothing is worth enduring this. Not even regret.

Work is meaningless and continues to hollow me out.

Friendships are shrinking and I can't feel any depth in any of it. I don't feel good or fulfilled about any of my social relationships with people. Closest is maybe with C. And that's not even that close. It's all texts so far, and I still don't feel like 100% myself. Not even close. I want to be 100% myself with someone, and it's never happened. I'm sick of performing. The zoom meeting today was as expected. Video conferencing made it even worse. Friendship shouldn't feel like this. It was better than I thought, though, that was interesting.

I don't want to keep refreshing crypto to find something to do with my time. I'm so far away from where I want to be. Crypto is not going to make me rich. It's my last hope, and it's not going to happen.

What do I want? I'm picturing myself traveling, on a train most definitely, and walking. Lonely. Ideally with C or others intermittently, but for the most part, lonely. I'll be retired by then, no job. I'll be reading crypto still, and blogging, and probably writing more about my travels with all the free time. Taking hella more pictures. I would have bought a new camera for sure. Still would have my X100S though. Walking through small streets, taking pictures, like all those times in Iceland, New Zealand, Denver, and Seattle. I would be doing this all over the world. Pick a direction for the day, and walk. That is it. What my core, singular state of being is. I want to be in that.

I'll do this for several weeks at once place, then move on to another, until I want to go home to my high rise condo that I rent out? I don't know how that works. If I'm not traveling, I still want a home, where I can obsess about furniture placement. If I have this, I wonder how much I would want to travel. Having my own place and spending time there is already bliss. I'll probably travel, then come home, then travel again. Hopping. I can see this. It's a nice rhythm.

And that's really it. That's my ideal picture of happiness from where I am right now. Everything is external to those two core things. My own place, and travel. Friends will be fringe to this. I would be lonely and want to see them, of course. But that's bonus. I can see myself hopping in perpetuity and be happy. I'll help out family, that, of course, but I'm not going to feel bad about not being by dad's side 24/7. I'll take him to hospital checkups, and translate, and read letters, but I don't want to live with him. Not one little bit. I'll come when he calls, and I'll come by for dinner to visit. I'll buy a car with him. But I'm not going to be in his life like now. I'm going to be the fuck away.

I don't want to achieve anything, I don't want to be anybody, I don't want to get married and have children, I don't want to leave a legacy. I don't want to grow, I don't want to build relationships, I don't care about love. I don't want to make anybody happy, or proud of me. Fuck all of that. I want to walk, and have a home to go back to at the end of the day, strip and take a long shower, eat steak, masturbate, play games and watch Youtube, and movies, stay up, sleep in, make slow breakfast with oatmeal, linger over tea, coffee, decide where I want to walk to next, decide what to eat, go out and take pictures, eat, and do it all over again. And be left in peace. Complete freedom. I don't have to cater to anyone else. Make schedules, be anywhere at any time. Be considerate of someone else. Remember things. I don't want to have to remember things! I just be, every second pure contentness, one after another, and I'm living.  That's what I want. I want to write about. It will be my blog, just more of it. A picture, and whatever I put together. With that as my base, I can branch out more, and be more at ease with myself and other people. I won't feel hurried. A position of strength. No obligations. No one relying on me, I'm not relying on anyone.

How do I make this happen.

I need to make enough money to not work.

I need to buy a condo.

So. Retirement will cost me $2.5 million. Condo will cost me $1 million.
