Yelled and argued with dad. It finally happened, the simmering pressure needed release. It initially escalated because I snapped at him for telling me to get a haircut because he had set me up with someone again. I snapped because he had pointed to my hair and appearance multiple times before as part of the normal campaign to pressure me into dating. I couldn't take any more of the constant needling. Thinking about it now, I don't know if I just wanted to get things more out in the open. I knew the undercurrent was always there, barely below the surface, and I was right. It's a perpetual problem for him, that I'm not dating and that he feels I owe him that as a father. He finally got into his furious tone I know so well when he yells at grandma and other family things. I yelled back and said how hard living at home was because of that constant pressure from him. And he went to the extremes and said he doesn't want to think about me and V anymore and that he would move back to China and everything. I shifted then. Almost subconsciously. I leaned into trying to be reasonable and explaining. It should not be about all or nothing, that it was either me getting married or disbanding the family. I now have fucking images etched into my brain alongside the other traumatic images there. It doesn't lessen how much it sucks even if I was dreading things like this for the longest time. It happened as I feared it would. I brought him tea, he said it's ok, and he was sorry, and I said I was sorry and shouldn't have raised my voice initially, and cried for the next half hour. Crying is uncontrollable and it's an amazing biological response.

Things are not ok, of course. I don't know how to resolve this. It's going to happen again. That is also of course. Like the election, even as it was happening, I knew it was going to happen again if nothing changes. The only happy path forward I can see for myself is to move out. Every other path leads to more misery and suffering. Moving out will include misery and suffering too, but at least I would feel better about trying to do what I want. It may even be the worse way to solve the problem--it's just me running away essentially. If I don't move out, I'm going to mentally peel off.

I'm sick of following Twitch and OTV now. It's not doing its job of entertaining and distracting me from real life.

What do I do now.
