Music helps a lot with my depression. Today was another bad day, and now I've showered and brushed my teeth and in the wedge of time before bedtime I treasure so much. Lamp hour. Neighbors are hella loud. I have the noise cancelling headphones on, and music feels so, so good right now.

I know what's making me feel bad. I feel helpless to fix the TV for dad. I didn't manage to finish things at work and I hate how they linger and hanging over my head unresolved, but I'm too tired to deal with them. I don't like interactions at work nowadays; they leave me feeling bad and inadequate more often than not. I rarely feel good at work. Since the TV was out, dinner was quiet and I didn't feel at ease enough to really talk to V. I hate how the world seems to want to cut down to the almost inevitable worst case, more uncomfortable dinner configuration of me and dad sitting in silence eating. The trend line is ridiculous. Something will happen to V and it'll just be me and him alone in silence forever. The fuck.

I can feel the friendship with K slipping more and more. We don't have much in common. Conversation is hard. I feel the same with all my friendships, pretty much. They're going and going to be gone soon.

Twitch and Youtube haven't been delivering. I don't enjoy the content today. Valorant sucks to watch.

I set crypto alerts, and nothing has happened. Boring as fuck. I can't get my distraction from that when I need it.

Same for money in general. I have too little to do anything with it. I want to buy more crypto. Or open a brokerage account. That will make me feel like I bought enough to matter. That's the one goal I can check off.

I should just read. Or watch movies. Get Netflix. Or Survivor finally. Or write, of course.
