11 is too early. I can't keep sleeping then. It has to be midnight. The difference between 8 and 9 in the morning is huge though. That hour is significant. I'm going to adjust based on weekends. 11 for weekdays. Midnight for weekends. Easy peasy.

Deleted the recurring repeats on the to-do list. They were too annoying. I gave up.

I can only pay attention to one at a time apparently, and that one was a sleeping routine.

I'm starting to think more about writing and easing that back into my realm of possibility. I still want to do it, and still see it as the only thing I can and want to do in the long run. The execution is still nonexistent, but at least the dream is alive.

First, I have to control my sleep. That is the base I need. Then, I write. I don't have enough mental space to think about coding jobs, family, friends, or relationships--all those important things. I know they are important, objectively even, but they are so big I can't take a step. I have to focus just on sleep, and on writing. It's what I want and can handle. I have been prioritizing those other things, but I haven't done anything about them to improve. I try a little and nothing happens as expected and then I don't do anything again until I feel bad and try a little again. All the while, since I am prioritizing the important things, I haven't written, because people takes precedence over writing right? and so nothing happens and I'm stuck in this cage I made. I'm going to just fuck those priorities, accept the consequences, and just do what I want. If I end up somewhere worse because I am ignoring people, irreparably perhaps, then so be it. I'm sick of figuring out if what I'm doing is an excuse not to do something else. I only know what I want. That's easy to know.

So now, once I have given myself permission, I hope I can walk lighter. What's happening right now, with me doing absolutely nothing and coasting and existing, in this waiting room.
