It sucks that I scheduled the morning block for the TV tech to come. I'm very anxious. I'm trying to analyze why. It doesn't help of course. There really isn't anything scary here. The worst outcome is that they have to come again because they can't fix something today. I've also lost all ability to interact with anyone. It would require an elevated level

I'm going to wear a mask. Or will I? I didn't.

As soon as the doorbell rang, I fixated on my reaction more than what was going on. I literally bolted out of my seat to the door. It was partially that I didn't want first aunt to have to talk to the tech. Dad still in his room added another thing to keep on my mental radar exhausting bag of moving parts and variables to monitor. Like, if he doesn't wake up soon, I'll have to go in and wake up and then explain things and potentially wait around for a while while the tech hangs around. I spend so much processing and mental energy runnnig these hypotheticals and future simulations.

I turned on the TV and the loss of signal error was still there, which is a minor relief and potential blip. The error message could be gone and then the tech leaves and then the error comes back. That is one of the annoying possibilities.

The tech is on the roof. But he can't touch the dish because it's corroded. So he has to install a new one. He showed me a picture of where he would install it, but I didn't look close enough and then dad asked if it was in the front and that he didn't want it to be visible from the front and I didn't convey things accurately and asked if the dish could be installed in the back and the tech was like he would have to get the ladder to the backyard. That made me go back to dad to ask. And then I went down to open the garage door, but then I also needed to wake up V because her door was locked so I rushed back up to get my phone to call her because knocking didn't really work, but then it did work and by the time I was calling her and going back downstairs, she had her door open already and was probably going back to her room to answer the call I was making. I hung up and talked to her. Then finally the communication coincided enough that the tech said the picture he took was of the skylight wedge in the middle of the roof, no backyard access necessary, and that the dish wouldn't be visible from the front anyway. Of course that was how things would work out and negated all the scurrying around I was doing before.

The tech is on the roof drilling.

What kind of complication will come next. The easiest path I could think of would be him installing the new dish. Then we get signal with the current wiring. Then it's done and tech leaves.

These things I can foresee going wrong. The dish is installed but the wiring or connections somewhere between the dish and the TVs don't work. The living room works but dad's room doesn't work. The dish will cost us a lot of money. I should have asked but didn't. The tech couldn't figure out the wiring situation and it doesn't get resolved. Anything that would necessitate another appointment, which they then charge us for. I'm fixated on the swirling flotsam around the worst case scenario. The best case scenario never happens.

I just hate volatility, the unknown, highly risk averse in real life compared to my portfolio apparently. Why is that. I invest in hella risky things like crypto but can't relax around a TV appointment?

My leg is a little better but I'm still crippled.

I can't relax until I return to baseline where I don't have to monitor for external calls on my attention. I'm tense.

The best case scenario happened. TVs all work. Tech leaving. No mention of payment. I should have asked but whatever. I need nothing to happen for the rest of the day to lock in the good turn of events going my way.

Of course I think good things are setups for bad things later.

I'm going to play Civ all day.

Ordered food for dad for father's day. I managed to find the dishes he wanted. My luck held.
