Cleaned up to do list a little. Uninstalled annoying Microsoft Wunderlist clone. Feels clean. I started sorting by how I feel about the to-do thing. It feels good to put things into the procrastinate pile. I still have some work to nail down the categories. I had based it off time before, so this might be an interesting shift.

Work still feels bad.

Protests and politics are boring.

I didn't really watch streams tonight and after turning it off, and hearing the hollow sound of the night air, I felt hella lonely and bleak. It was quiet and I was just sitting there alone in my empty room and the light seemed dimmer for some reason, and I am not happy at all and don't like where I am in life.

Whenever I feel like that, I get the urge to self-improve. Nothing sticks, obviously. I can't sustain the motivation. If I can't keep trying, I'm going to keep trying to try, though. That's something. I feel especially present right now, and I'm going to plan and orient things.

The most obvious place I can change and have full control over is my sleeping schedule. It also has the most potential to make me feel better. It has high return on effort, for sure. And guaranteed results. It will 100% make my life better if I can improve how I feel when I wake up. Right now, I feel like ass. It's always last minute, and I get headaches sitting in bed snoozing trying not to get out of bed until I absolutely last minute have to. It's so bad. So, I'm going to try to get up at 8 every day, weekends included. Gradually, I want to get up earlier, like at 7. It would mean actually getting in bed by 11. 10? 7 doesn't seem likely. When I wake up, I need to get up. I haven't felt good staying in bed in the morning. It happened a handful of times, and they are so rare it's not worth it to chase after. I wake up, I need to get up. I'm going to feel bad anyway, might as well feel bad and be up.

Next, some basic routines. I'm already blogging every day, so that's awesome. It's a habit set in stone. Hella easy to do, effortless. I need to elevate something else to this level. The far off goal is to write. An easier more shorter term goal is to do or experience something new every day. I've tried to do it in the past and it's always fallen off. I'll start again, right now. Easiest thing is to listen to a new song.

New: Listened to Lady Gaga's Rain on Me with Ariana Grande. Didn't like it. It's hard to watch performative relationships.
