Day off. At the Blue Danube now after getting a buffalo burger. I've been waking up feeling the same crappy way for a while now. I'm instantly reminded that I'm not in my own apartment and I have no control over my life.

I spent the entire morning mentally calculating how much money I would need to make from crypto to ensure a minimum monthly income that would cover my expenses. It's a disease. I can't resist the lure of it. The calculations offer me a glimpse of possibility, of a scenario where I could in fact be free. The answer is $2.5 million.

I haven't checked crypto today, as a sort of attempt to boost the pleasure I would get from checking it later. Nothing's going on lately and checking it now would probably disappoint me and I would be eroding a go-to pleasure source. It's like that far-future story about preserving a record by using thorns instead of a metal needle.

Have to wake up early at 7 tomorrow for the dentist.

I didn't get a salad or anything healthy today like I wanted. After the burger and fries, I wasn't hungry enough to get the salad. I was also drinking a large chai latte, so that interfered with my appetite. So I'm now hungry again and have nothing to eat but soylent again. And if I do drink some soylent now, it'll ruin my appetite for dinner, and then I'll have to top it off with more soylent afterward. Oh well fuck it. I'm drinking soylent now. I don't care anymore. I'm so lousy at food, I hate it. This contributes to my depression.

I realized I have to really self-censor myself, even on here. I want to say wrong and bad things, but this is still public, and I have my email below. I can't have both private and public benefits at the same time.

Finished the rest of the flying around the world vlogs.

I was trying to revamp the money spreadsheet. Still trying.
