I felt a little bit of cheer when I finished up the tiny bit of writing today, coupled with a slight rise in ETH, and also Kate's stream was back. Just a fleeting bit.

Did the tiniest amount of work. A modicum of it.

I haven't been to the gym for weeks. My chest muscles are visibily degenerating I feel. I will go back. I can do it after work and make it a night of it and eat at Stonestown. I really want to try out the udon place there too.

I will drink soylent only with some water afterward so I can swish out my mouth. Coupled with the purple Listerine, it's the best I can do. If this fails, I'll give up. Otherwise, I would pretty much have to carry a toothbrush around with me and brush after every meal, bring some of that flouride mouthwash with me too, go to the dentist three times a year, chew gum all the time, be afraid of eating any sugar all the time, and become a slave to my teeth. Fuck that shit.

I really do have to schedule an appointment to finally deal with my wisdom teeth. I can't have them hanging around unresolved, just waiting for bad things to happen. I have enough of that inevitable devastation in my life.

My writing is suffering too, I feel. I'm not sure what it is. I haven't written a regular blog post for a long while. Only this stream of consciousness shit here. My fiction is stilted as well, and there's no flow. I need more of that deliberate practice.

I need to read more, watch more movies, listen to more audiobooks, and get more stories. I've been consuming streams, reality shows, and podcasts lately. Lots of non-fiction. I need more of that narrative back.

Tomorrow. I will buy some groceries to abate my food insecurity. I will check my jury status for one more day and I would be free. I'll get some Panchos enchiladas and try their chicken soup. The future is bright.
