I'm so sleep-deprived. I stayed up past 1 last night because I had a spike of energy and motivation and edited the prologue for the third draft. I needed to take advantage of that energy and stayed up. This means that my sleeping time is squeezed from both ends. I had to wake up early to get to E's house by 10 to feed his cats.

So I did. The cats wouldn't let me pet them so the whole thing was mere observation again instead of the more interactive experience I hoped to have.

I kept wanting to keep track of the two of them. I had an affection for the little one because the bigger one kept stealing her food. E told me to keep them separate while feeding because of this problem.

I ordered Chinese delivery. Why is the rice always so terrible? I had preserved duck egg and pork jook. Turnip cake. Seafood claypot, which had too much tofu. It wasn't a good meal.

I half-heartedly watched some streams of people getting tattoos. I didn't know what to do. I wanted time to myself and here it was, but it's not what I really wanted, apparently. I just felt fucking exhausted and listless.

After I ate, I turned off the lights and scrunched up on the couch and took a fitful nap. I was cold and hot. The apartment was half underground and uniformly in half light all day. Once, the cat climbed up and I moved and he leapt away. I woke up groggy and displeased. I was just tired of everything. Nothing has changed.

I watched more streams and ate the other half of the jook. That was my dinner. Plus some soylent again.

I had the freedom I lusted after and I didn't do anything with it. I'm limited myself to a very, very narrow slice of scenarios that I would consider favorable. Anything less and I don't let myself be satisfied. Like today. It's not the absolute and eternal freedom I wanted. It was just one day, and not my apartment. And I still don't have a girlfriend, or as many friends as I want. And I'm still my miserable self.

I'm deep in my depression right now for sure.

I hate that I have to wake up early. I don't feel at rest until I could wake up whenever I want the next morning. That is such a necessary requirement. I need to build my life around this spec and I will be happy.

The smaller cat rubbed up against my leg for the night feeding. I appreciate being wanted. I fed them and took a Lyft home. I ordered Line, and it's not that expensive. $15 total including tips. The trade-off is I have to ride along as the driver picks up other people and it's not a direct route.

I just want to look up crypto prices and count money. I'm depriving myself to artificially prop up and give meaning to the end of the month when I let myself indulge in money-counting. Everything is a sad affair.

I don't want to go back tomorrow. I like my special exceptions to my norm to be self-contained to one burst, often within a day, and not linger. Also, me having to wake up early tomorrow will leave the day tattered. I'd feel sleep-deprived and tired again. I wouldn't know what to do with the rest of the day. Rolling Out cafe I guess. Or I would walk to Tanforan. I want to eat pizza.
