Watched Infernal Affairs again. It's still good, even with its flaws. I picked up on Andy Lau's character's changing motivations, which are so interesting. First, it's just working with the gang. Then as the benefits of a high-powered police career stack up, it's really about watching out for himself. He has a lot to lose. Everything to lose. He's desperate to catch the gang mole, as his mob boss so succinctly points out, more to keep his sham life intact than for his boss's benefit. Then he shifts to wanting to turn away from the criminal life and works with the gang mole to kill his mob boss. And ultimately, if the other bad cop didn't kill the gang mole, he would have done it for self-preservation. The gang mole's motivations are straight through and through. Nothing but heroic. He loses everything, including his life, but wins when his name is restored. I can see how people would want the bad cop to get caught, and the film tries to make it seem like his eternal suffering at continuing to live his lie is the worse option, but it's really not. He's still alive and gets to be a cop and got away with everything.

Picnic for T's baby's first birthday at Joinville Park. It was boring. It was exactly as I thought it would be. Just people standing around. All chit chat. Everyone tells me that they don't see anybody. That's so interesting. G and R. K. G today. E. No one sees anyone. Weird. My group of friends just disintegrated.

Afterward, I thought, fantasized, for a moment that I could just talk to random people at such gatherings because there is nothing to lose. I could just talk to someone. It would be easy. I could still feel a little bit of that feeling. It's fleeting, I guess. I did feel it during the picnic, at a few points, when I looked around and saw what was around me. Just people. There was nothing to be afraid of. That's definitely a feeling I want to bottle up and recall at a later time when I need that courage and confidence. It felt supremely liberating. Why can't I feel like that all the time? Is it some weird rare chemical in my brain that it tries not to use too much of?

Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow. I won't be able to for a while. If I can fix my sleep schedule, *control* it fully, I would have conquered my life.
