I thought I had uploaded yesterday's post, but I guess I didn't.

Friday. Good day at work because I did something intentional that required on-the-spot execution. I feel proud of myself for succeeding.

Updating at Starbucks while watching streams. It's a good setup. I want to journal.

I have 46% battery left.

E asked me to feed his cats while he's away this weekend. I'm very interested in this because it's new and it's a social life experience. It's something real and gets me out of my own head and aimless wandering during what's now the norm of my weekends. It's not even a chore or a favor I'm doing for him as much as I owe him for providing me this opportunity. It's so weird crazy. My normal life is so upside down.

Anyway. I'm going to lyft over and back, Saturday and Sunday, and spending the entire day there. I'll order food. I'm not going to drive. I'll gladly pay for the trip to avoid borrowing my dad's car.

My mind immediately snapped to the logistics.

I hate having to decide between going to a baseball game with coworkers and being home for the moon festival. It's annoying as fuck because I have all the control to decide but I don't feel like I do.

I have no idea what I want to eat for dinner. I find myself in this same exact dilemma all the time. I don't want to go to King of Thai. Or Squat and Gobble. Those are the two usual options. Both have become less satisfying.

I don't know what I'll do tonight either. Why don't I invite people to do things with me? It can be so easy.

I got some wings from Hot Sauce. It was a good time. I got the salt and peppercorn this time. It was too salty. Green is still my favorite.

I'm going to play any more Civ. I finished the game last night and it was a chore. I'm going to return the 600W PSU too. If I'm going to get a new one, I want a better one. Gold-rated, even though I don't know how much of a difference that makes at all. I'm getting a 1080Ti for sure. Reading about it has psychologically anchored in my mind that paying $600 for a graphics card I don't need is a good idea. And to think that I arrived at that conclusion on my own!

I wasted money on the DDR3 memory I bought a month ago. I should have waited and gotten DDR4 with a new motherboard. I don't need this either, but I want larger numbers if I'm going to upgrade. New processor too. Why not. I want a new monitor.

The end state of all this is me playing Pillars of Eternity, 2, and Civ 6 on a crisp monitor at 120hz, smoothly without the machine struggling.

25% battery left. It's costing me about 1% every 1 minute. Probably more. I'm not going to plug it in.

I drank milk tea too, so I've ruined my sleep schedule on this end, then have to wake up early tomorrow. Not optimal. I'm also drinking decaf coffee now with half-and-half, so I'm ruining my appetite when I really need a big dinner since I only had half a bottle of soylent for lunch. Fuck. Very not optimal at all.

I want to keep the laptop on until it runs completely out of batteries. I want to watch it die.

Coworker S knows the people who runs the board game cafe on Irving. Cool!
