Went to lunch with S at a Burmese/Thai combo place. One style on one side of the menu. It wasn't very good. I wish I had just suggested going to Hard Knox. Then we tested out her app. Then we went to the museum. It was Tissot this time.

The day went as expected. There was no good conversation. Same topics. She was more snippy and quick to rebuke me for some reason. I didn't feel good with our interaction. There were some small nice moments, but overall, I was strained and uncomfortable. Not enjoyable. I didn't care about the Tissot art at all. Rich white people doing rich white things. Boring as fuck. There was a cool Faustian painting though, with dead babies and skeletons and Satan and demons following and harassing some travelers. It was striking. There was another one of a vibrantly pink dress. The de Young is ten times more interesting than Legion of Honor. I am not into that kind of classic art at all apparently. Monet was great, but the other stuff, no.

I then took the 18 to Stonestown. That was a long ass ride. It was the first stop to the last on the route I think. I got some chili fish rice, and then the annoyingly limited batch milk tea from another Taiwanese boba place called Yi Fang. It takes two hours to make a batch for some reason. You can only get them at set times. That whole thing is annoying as the pancake place. I wanted to try it. It was OK. I do not want to participate in any of that artificial supply shit anymore. Get over yourself. You're trying to sell it to me. Don't make me work to give you money. Just give me the fucking thing I want when I want it.

Bought more flannel shirts. I'm so happy about that. Flannel gives me joy.

It was a good night, nicely tucked into the depths of the weekend. Can sleep in. Watched random Youtube videos. A lot of crypto hype videos.

I could dent Sunday's effects by working during Sunday. It's masochistic.
