Day 4 gone, already. The best part of the vacation is over, where I feel like I have all the time in the world. I have two more nights. It's as good as over, once over the midpoint.

Great morning as usual. I saw meat pies on the map, and that spurred me to go outside. Weather is really shitty. I found out that there was a big food court inside the Space Needle park complex. The pies weren't that great. They messed up my order and I didn't say anything, as usual. They also ran out of the flavors I wanted. I might go back, but I don't know. I do want to try their chicken and shepherd's pie. Hella salty. There was a boba place in there too, to my surprise. It was exactly what I wanted. Then I got a salad and a piece of strawberry cheesecake. Then fries. Couldn't finish it. Ate like ten fries and throwing away the rest. I've been doing that a lot, without a second thought. I don't give a shit about the environment, I realized. I hate separating trash. I don't care about recycling. I throw away food. I don't give a fuck.

Stuffed, I went to Whole Foods. That walk was miserable. I just felt awful. All I wanted to do was go back to my room and get out of the gray weather. I bought randomly $60 of overpriced food, and booked it out of there.

Got back, and somehow, from 4 p.m. to 2 a.m., time went by. I just spent it heedlessly. I gained nothing. I didn't produce. I wasn't particularly happy or entertained. The hours just leaked.

I watched some streams. Watching a streamer rent a lambo and driving it around LA with some choice shots of people reacting to her was super entertaining, actually. I loved it. Then I watched some more streams. Read a few chapters of Fall. I could not care less about the first character. Tech billionaires are boring as fuck. I don't want to hear about them. They mean nothing to me. So that soured my reading. I wanted some more sympathetic characters to root for. So far, nobody. Then I finally watched the Breaking Bad Netflix movie. It was ok. Not necessary at all. The last shot of Jesse Pinkman as he rammed through that gate, laughing and shouting, that was all that was needed. Nothing in the movie added to that cathartic release. Then I watched the last episode of Breaking Bad. Walt didn't deserve any of that. He should not have gotten the pleasure of dying with all his wishes fulfilled and wrapped up so nicely. He should died without seeing his kids again. Without setting up the money trust. Without killing the Nazis. He deserved none of that.

Tomorrow will be squandered as equally wastefully as today.
