Today was walking day. I went north in a big loop. I didn't intend to do that, but I just kept walking. I went through a rich suburby neighborhood. I felt super out of place and wanted to get out of there. I originally wanted to swing west and walk along the water again to a park, but I just kept walking north out of momentum. I crossed over a bridge, and ended up in another part of the city, maybe it's its own city, I don't know. Fremont. I got some unsatisfying snacks at Trader Joe's. I never know what to get there, and they never actually satisfy. I rested a little. Then kept walking. I crossed another bridge to get back to the Seattle part. It was right next to the highway and long as hell. That's the worst part of the trip. I was getting tired, and the view was bad, and there was nothing around. I was just walking alongside a busy road. I listened to podcasts. It was just pure walking and moving forward. There was nothing resembling the exploration and all that before. I'm still glad I did it, of course. The leg was part of the whole thing. I really like taking a day to walk toward a direction.

I stopped by a Starbucks to pee and to actually eat something more substantial than random Trader Joe's snacks. I got a sausage, egg, and cheese muffin. Delicious. Plus a small mocha. It was a nice break. I wasn't that far from my hotel at that point. About a mile. I was going to pass by a pho place. Good.

Picked up chicken pho for dinner, and a pork vermicelli for another meal whenever. I'm not planning to leave the room tomorrow. It was suppose to rain today, but the forecast kept pushing it back. I'll be lucky if I see rain tomorrow.

Got back to the hotel. Best part of the day. I spent the rest of the day eating and watching streams and Youtube.
