So out of nowhere last night, I decided to cut out Twitch and TFT. Also, daily crypto price checking. Those have taken up so much of my time this year, and they represent the non-cumulative activities that bother me so much, at the end of the day. Candy. It feels good. This is a good decision. It's not even time I enjoy wasting. It's just wasting.

Brunch with E and C, and C's brother at Ella's. Nice classic American breakfast food. No pretension or lines. It felt nice in the beginning like always when I get into something, then I drop off hella fast and just nodding along. That is my curve. I've felt it so many times before too. How do I plan around it? Do I just cut things short and leave before I fade?

I texted B, C, and IMed E out of a burst of wanting to connect to people and reach out to them. If I were more daring, and more the person I want to be, I would ask if C if I could go over to her apartment. But I'm not.

I drank some juice at the Blue Danube, and sat through the rain a little. It was nice, in the warm cafe.

I want and will buy a Model 3. I will need to plan on how to make that into a reality. I want to pay down at least $25,000. It's going to cost me $50,000. I want to buy an electric car with crypto profits. That's magic. My own $ might not be necessary then. I'm not going to sell my portfolio unless it's doubled, and by that amount, that would cover the down payment. There's very little reason for me to hold that cash. I would not buy a car with raw cash. It's there as a buffer I guess, for the car payments.

I'm so glad today is Saturday and not Sunday.

Want to see C tomorrow.

Time went by so fast when I was in Seattle. It's been so nice and slow after I came back home. The difference is variety of events and activities that filled up my days. It really is true. Monotonous living speeds memory, and life passes you by.

I should pack up my PC. It's excessive. I don't need it, and can claim back my table space.

Or I could go the other way. Buy an L desk, and rebuild my computer with a new 144hz monitor. Go all out. That will only happen if crypto happens.

I'm still watching Youtube videos though. I don't know if I will ever get back into writing.
