I got to do my morning routine again. Woke up amazingly early at 8:30. I made oatmeal. I listened to Sabbath and Knight's Theme. I didn't exercise though. I masturbated. Lots of masturbation. I made coffee. There was no creamer, so it wasn't that great. I will buy creamer tomorrow. It was still like 10 after I did all that. Waking up early is so great. I set out to walk.

I headed for water like usual. The waterfront is annoying here. There is this steep drop to the water, and then there's the train tracks. That really disrupts an easy flow and movement in the area. Pike Place Market is separated from the more Fisherman's Wharf kind of area, which I had thought were the same thing.

I got clam chowder, regular and Manhattan. Just OK. I got salmon jerky, which was amazing. I need to get more tomorrow. I got beef jerky, which looks kind of janky. I got figs. In the middle of that, the washer got delivered and all set up, so that was good. Texted C a picture of the piroshky shop we went to so long ago. I got a salad to nail down the meal for the day. Got more toothpaste and a roll of 99¢ paper towels from Walgreens. I walked back to the room, and fell asleep immediately. I woke up hella hot and sweating in the dark. The sun had set at 4:30, wtf. It was just 5, and I had napped two and a half hours. That's not bad. I was afraid it was 7 or something. The evening was wide and stretched out before me.

I watched random things. Tried to watch Netflix, but reverted back to Youtube. Youtube is so much easier to watch. Twitch too. I don't want to watch movies or TV shows. I want to watch videos.

It's 1:20 a.m. I need to try somewhat to not let my sleeping schedule slip too much. I like waking up early. Good, nice day. Pho tomorrow.

I need to not buy any more crypto until ETH drops below 100. That is my pact to myself. I've already spent way too much money, and my past batch is in the red.

I should spend more money on Seattle.
