Read the first couple chapters of Beneath a Scarlet Sky, a book a coworker lent me, then read the back synopsis to see where it was going, and read the epilogue. Stories about WWII and Nazis have a rigid structure. I'm not going to read the rest of it. It's based off a true story, and I don't think the author will do any harm to the main character.

I was stuck by a deep helpless throe of despair earlier tonight when I came back home and seeing the emptiness in front of me. My entertainment means nothing. Crypto, Warriors, streams, my bank account, all of that was utterly worthless, and of course I knew that all along but hadn't acknowledged it so starkly. I had nothing to latch my distraction to. All at once, they failed to even give me their superficial support. That was pretty bad. I just sat there kind of numb. I dragged myself to clip my nails, and that was thankfully enough to temper some of the void. I took a shower, and that helped a lot more. It made me see where I was a few minutes ago, and I felt more objective about the black hole I had tripped into in hindsight. I can feel a little comfort that there is always going to be the other side waiting there, where I can feel better, just a shower away, to halt the slippery feelings and reset. The hole is not endless. When it happens again, I just need to remember that and I can ride it out. Yeah, real depression is not just feeling bad at the moment, but the scary uncertainty whether you will ever feel good again.

I still can't make myself write though. It's not easy to retreat to it as a refuge like I want.

Had work lunch with new developer. I felt comfortable talking to her. It was probably because she was Asian. Too bad race matters to me so much apparently.
