It wasn't too much to ask for. Success.

No car crashes. No panicked debugging. No public shaming and exposure of incompetence. It was all good.

Walked to Stonestown after stand up. I don't remember when I called in during stand up. Did I take the call in bed? At my desk? Probably at my desk. It's so important to me right now for some reason to remember every detail of the past two days. Yes. So after that, I got a green juice. Called my manager and asked for a raise. Walked around the mall and lined up at the new Taiwanese street food place where California Fresh used to be. The oyster mee sua tastes new and interesting. I also got the flat crispy chicken, with extra flavor powder, which tastes like popcorn chicken. I saved the chicken for later. I texted S about this and it felt good to share.

I walked to Enterprise near the highway. I instinctly distrust everything and everyone related to the car industry. I always leave an interaction feeling like they were up to something.

Driving felt fine, it became like before pretty fast. Driving with one hand. It took me about 45 minutes to get to the hotel. I checked in. Walking into the room didn't feel as great as I wanted. I was too worried about the launch to enjoy anything. I saw the hotel room as starkly as I ever had. Dismal. I didn't get to nap really because I had to put together a stupid test that I half-assed. It still took way too long. All during this I was stressing out about the impending launch. That was pretty much the story of the past few days. Latent background stress and low key terror.

I walked to the office because I didn't want to layer in driving to the stress of the situation. The producer didn't make a good impression on me. No one has any manners. He just kind of mumbled a greeting and switched his attention away immediately. Whatever. I sat down in that room in the corner with random people on alert and me not knowing anything that's going on. People were responding to unseen alerts and people kept coming in with laptops open. The next seven hours my stress level shot up and stayed up. I hated every minute. It peaked at midnight. That moment was sharp and pinging, vivid and I will remember it. Throughout it all was my undercurrent of loathing for the whole enterprise. I didn't give a shit what was going on and I resented being helpless and at the mercy of circumstance. Minefield. Any second could send an email my way asking me to fix it immediately. That was the worst thing that I had to go through since mom died.

I got back to the hotel room at 2, considered not taking a shower, did, then went to bed. I stayed awake the entire night. It was so bad.

At 5 a.m., I finally decided and came to terms. I cancelled on my boss about driving her back up to the city in the morning. No way was I going to do that. My future felt so much better after that. I still couldn't sleep.
