I hate living at home. It's the source of most of my stress.

I feel bad today for a number of reasons, and for no reason but my depression. I didn't call grandpa back to correct me saying that I will miss his dinner because I'll be picking up dad today from the airport, when he's actually coming back tomorrow. That bothers me a lot. I didn't want to call him back because I didn't want to go to dinner. I didn't want to go to dinner because I didn't want to drive. That's at the root of it. Not much is worth risking a car accident in my calculations. I also didn't want to sit there with people I hardly know for hours. But mostly the car thing.

I hate having to go down to Sunnyvale. That's big bad reason number two. It disrupts my night beforehand. I have to cut my free time to accommodate having to get up early. There's my recurring fear of passing out and being trapped on the bus. Also, in missing the bus and having to think on my feet and think of some other way to get down there. There's danger and risk every time I have to go commute. That I have to drive. The chance that I miss the bus translates to me having to drive, which is big enough even when multipled by the small chance of the bus not arriving. The bus could also have no seats. That hasn't been an issue in the morning, but it's becoming one on the way back. I'm going to solve that by leaving early to get a seat. That's a solvable problem, at least. I also have to eat something tomorrow. No soylent. I want to stop depending on it for a change. I hate the dependency. Both ways. Having to be in a kickoff meeting is also stressful already.

I'm going to have to drive to the airport, so that's already a heightened stress level.

I also have to call Clipper for first aunt because she lost her card. It's an added foreground chore that gets amplified when mixed with all the other shit above that I have to deal with tomorrow.

I ate at Kevin's Noodle House today. It was good. I should not stay late on Irving though because the 28 never comes.

I got rid of lots of clothes so that's good.

I finished Invasion and didn't like any of the characters, especially not the main one, so no more of that.

I waste so much time staying away from home. These hours should be the most enjoyable, but because I hate being home, I end up wandering around the city, with nowhere to go, and it's fucking bleak, to have to waste precious hours that I could easily be enjoying if I lived by myself again. It's doubly horrible. I can't stand it.
