Great dinner with E. It was like old times. It felt so good to have a real conversation where I'm myself. It's been so long since I had authentic human interaction. Ate at ramen place at the Embarcadero. I had gotten fried chicken and mac and cheese at Safeway earlier, so couldn't finish the noodles. I realize I don't like the pork included with ramen most of the time and just enjoy its flavor in the broth and noodles.

Tomorrow will be interesting and different. There's danger and lots of uncertainty. I booked a hotel and car. I'm going to go down early and luxuriate in the hotel room as soon as I could check in.

Wins for the day. I saw E's text and chose to meet up instead of saying I felt sick. I had weird chills then got hot and sweated and my steps felt wobbly. It felt like the time I got the flu. My guess was that the flu shot fended off an initial attack? I don't know. It passed in about fifteen minutes I think. By the time I got near Sai's, I felt fine. I was hungry and that hunger felt great. It was then that I replied to the text, which turned out so great. Best opportunity I didn't mess up. Close call.

The other win was I chose to get off the bus and picked up Pet Sematary. Checked off the list.

I also pat myself on the back for getting the car and hotel thing sorted. I didn't have anything really in place, and then I had everything in place, and put myself into the best position tomorrow. I didn't have to use dad's car. I didn't have to drive back at 3 in the morning. I get to have a couple hours of freedom and privacy in a hotel room. Good job me.

This is what's going to happen tomorrow. I'm going to get a bug that's not a quick code thing, but a documentation, miscommunication thing, a process thing very likely. There's going to be some kind of mismatch between what they expected and what was built. It's going to be a pain to negotiate that terrain. Clear fixes are easy. The muddy dealing with people is going to be the worst part. It's in that arena that I am going to fail. I'm going to respond blankly and it would suck so much. I may probably get into an accident driving. That's always a possibility.

The perfect thing I hope would happen would be nothing happening. Once again, my bar for a favorable outcome is not for anything good to happen, but just have everything be normal and baseline. Nothing bad happen and it's a wild success. I want to just drive down to the hotel without anything abnormal happen. I check into the hotel as expected. I go to the office and get badged in normally. I find everyone and be where I'm supposed to be. I sit there and wait 8 hours and do nothing. I go back to the hotel safely. The next morning, I drive back to the city uneventfully. I return the car without issues. I get on the bus and make it to Japantown in time to have dinner with V. Then I get home to my bed and sleep in for Saturday.

That is not too much to ask for.
