Let me do this. No video games until I earn a new higher plateau, a new baseline where I obviously improved some aspect of my life. This will be great. I play video games because I have nothing better to do and it's an easy distraction. It'll just take this self-imposed rule to push me to make the right choice. Easy.

Next, what about streams? Hmm. I'll leave it on the background. I like streams. It's only about half as detrimental to my life than the way video games take over my attention.

There are too few YouTube videos I watch to need a rule for this. I lump it to general internet usage. I don't think I have a big problem with the internet taking over all my time because of how fast it becomes boring. I don't enjoy being on the internet. I do a lot of browsing at work, so no loss for me! Until they fire me. I will never put in my best at work or care.

The biggest river right now is Thursday, when I have to deal with the uncertainty of the launch where I don't know anything and where I have little support. I'm glad that L will be online. I have to deal with the driving thing. I doubt I will have the zipcar card tomorrow. That much is evident. I'm going to book a car at Hertz tomorrow when I confirm that the card isn't there at the office.

I need to get back to writing. That is the first priority. Write at night or write in the morning? Can I discipline my sleep schedule? Can I actually just write while watching streams after dinner? That would truly be the ideal. I'll try this in an intentional way. Exciting. I can justify donating money to streamers. I think this can really work. It worked to get me to the third draft.

Second priority is interacting with people, and meeting new people, socializing. I should try, even if it sucks. The trying part is victory enough. It's never been about the surface pleasures anyway for me. I'm too neurotic to enjoy that.
