Dim sum with dad, V, and grandma. Bought See's chocolate with dad for his trip. Watching grandma now and streams. I'm also figuring out if I need the Github app or just the Atom integration. Everything I'm committing now seems to be anonymous on the public repo, but showing a default email within git. I don't know. Version control shouldn't be this whole production.

I dread having to drive dad to the airport later. The trade off between the convenience of driving and it killing people is not worth it to me. I will always feel this way.

Yesterday, S texted me about the mall. I don't know how to react! I replied normally, but I think the situation calls for something beyond normal chatting. I felt like I needed to take advantage of the situation somehow and actually do something. It's not every day that a girl I think I like casually texts me. I could have offered to meet her there. That seems like the obvious subtext I'm missing. Is it an invitation?? Or does she just want to talk about the mall. Is it normal for someone to just bring up the food at a mall without it meaning they actually want to invite someone to join them there?? I have no idea. There are so many instances of this happening with her! I don't know!! The next thing I should do is what? I could ask her out for a meal out of the blue like last time. I got no useful date point out of that dinner. I like dwelling on this because there's potential here and it's fun to speculate.

Drove and dropped dad off at the airport safely. Done and done. The relief feels so great.

I finished A Wild Sheep Chase. The last paragraph was stupid; it's blatant heartstring tugging and fishing for emotions. He did it for Norwegian Wood, and it's the exact same thing here. The unreadable protagonist is left looking lost after the events of the story and not knowing where to go or do with himself. That's too bad. The ending did wrap things up; it wouldn't have surprised me if he didn't, so I'm glad he cared enough about the readers to put in that effort. Too much Murakami for me for now. I'm going to read something else for a palate cleanser.
